an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .	negative
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	negative
a flawed but engrossing thriller .	positive
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	positive
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	positive
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	negative
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	negative
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	positive
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	negative
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	negative
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	negative
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	positive
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	negative
this is not an easy film .	negative
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	negative
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	negative
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph .	positive
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .	negative
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	positive
a noble failure .	negative
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	negative
  a   smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .	positive
ken russell would love this .	positive
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	positive
a beautiful paean to a time long past .	positive
... irritating soul-searching garbage .	negative
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .	positive
see it for his performance if nothing else .	positive
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	negative
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .	negative
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '	negative
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	positive
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	negative
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	positive
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	positive
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	positive
a dazzling dream of a documentary .	positive
, `` they 're out there ! ''	positive
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	negative
familiar but utterly delightful .	positive
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	negative
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	negative
be patient with the lovely hush !	positive
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	negative
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	negative
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	negative
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	negative
poignant and delicately complex .	positive
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	negative
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	negative
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	negative
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .	positive
  `` take care of my cat ''   is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	positive
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	positive
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	negative
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	positive
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .	positive
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	negative
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .	negative
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	negative
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	negative
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .	negative
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .	positive
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	negative
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .	positive
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	negative
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	positive
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	positive
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	positive
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	negative
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .	positive
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	positive
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	positive
  leigh   has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors   improvised over many months   and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	positive
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .	negative
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	positive
yes , it 's as good as you remember .	positive
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	positive
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	positive
no. .	negative
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '	positive
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	negative
after you laugh once   maybe twice   , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	negative
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	positive
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	negative
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .	negative
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city .	positive
opera on film is never satisfactory .	negative
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	negative
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	negative
crummy .	negative
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	negative
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	negative
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	negative
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...	positive
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	positive
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	positive
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	negative
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	positive
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	negative
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	negative
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	negative
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .	positive
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	negative
  p   artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .	positive
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	positive
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen	positive
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	negative
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	negative
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	positive
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	negative
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	negative
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .	negative
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	negative
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	negative
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .	positive
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	negative
fun and nimble .	positive
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	negative
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that .	positive
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	positive
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	positive
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	positive
one lousy movie .	negative
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	negative
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	negative
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .	negative
a serious movie with serious ideas .	positive
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	positive
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	negative
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .	negative
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	positive
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	positive
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .	negative
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .	negative
less than fresh .	negative
oh , james !	positive
a good thriller .	positive
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses   and one academy award winning actor   succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best .	negative
  the cockettes   provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	positive
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .	negative
a negligible british comedy .	negative
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .	positive
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	negative
disjointed parody .	negative
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	positive
  clooney 's   debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .	positive
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	negative
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .	negative
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .	positive
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud .	negative
the sheer dumbness of the plot   other than its one good idea   and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	negative
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	positive
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	negative
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	negative
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	negative
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	positive
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .	negative
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	positive
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah .	negative
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	negative
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ?	negative
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	negative
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	negative
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	positive
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	negative
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	positive
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer   and   the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	negative
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	negative
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	positive
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	positive
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	positive
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .	positive
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	positive
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	positive
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	negative
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .	positive
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	negative
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	negative
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	negative
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	positive
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	negative
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	negative
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	positive
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .	positive
for dance completists only .	negative
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	positive
phoned-in business as usual .	negative
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	positive
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	negative
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''	positive
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .	positive
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	positive
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	negative
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	negative
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .	negative
and it 's a lousy one at that .	negative
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	positive
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	positive
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	positive
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	negative
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	negative
morton deserves an oscar nomination .	positive
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	negative
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	positive
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	positive
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .	negative
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .	positive
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .	negative
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	positive
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	negative
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	positive
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective .	positive
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	positive
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	positive
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .	negative
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .	positive
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .	positive
sparse but oddly compelling .	positive
these characters become wearisome .	negative
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	negative
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	negative
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	negative
one of the funnier movies in town .	positive
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .	positive
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	positive
  washington 's   strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .	positive
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	negative
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	positive
even better than the first one !	positive
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	positive
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	positive
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	positive
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	negative
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	positive
i like this movie a lot .	positive
well-meant but unoriginal .	negative
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .	positive
  stevens is   so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	negative
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	positive
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	positive
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	negative
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .	positive
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	positive
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .	positive
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	negative
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	positive
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	positive
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	negative
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	positive
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	positive
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii	negative
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	positive
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	negative
mostly ,   goldbacher   just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	positive
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .	positive
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	negative
one fantastic   and educational   documentary .	positive
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	negative
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	positive
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	positive
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .	negative
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	negative
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	positive
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	negative
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	positive
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	negative
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .	positive
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	positive
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	positive
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	positive
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .	negative
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	positive
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	negative
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	positive
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	positive
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	negative
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .	negative
banal and predictable .	negative
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .	negative
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .	positive
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	negative
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .	negative
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 .	negative
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .	negative
a half-assed film .	negative
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?	negative
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	negative
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .	positive
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	negative
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	positive
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	negative
  siegel   and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .	negative
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	positive
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	negative
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	positive
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .	positive
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	negative
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .	negative
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	negative
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	positive
a grating , emaciated flick .	negative
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	negative
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	positive
a less-than-thrilling thriller .	negative
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	positive
delightfully rendered	positive
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	positive
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .	positive
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .	negative
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	negative
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .	positive
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	negative
remember it .	positive
... spiced with humor   ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand   and witty updatings   silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around  	positive
there 's no energy .	negative
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want .	positive
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	negative
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	negative
surprisingly insightful	positive
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	positive
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .	positive
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	negative
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .	positive
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	negative
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	positive
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	positive
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	positive
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	negative
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	positive
nothing about this movie works .	negative
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .	negative
ferrara 's best film in years .	positive
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	negative
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	positive
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	negative
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	negative
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken .	negative
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears .	negative
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films .	negative
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .	positive
the pianist is polanski 's best film .	positive
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	negative
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .	negative
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	positive
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .	positive
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	positive
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	positive
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .	negative
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .	negative
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	positive
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .	positive
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	positive
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	positive
the film oozes craft .	positive
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	positive
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	positive
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	positive
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	positive
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	negative
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .	negative
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	negative
sly , sophisticated and surprising .	positive
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .	positive
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	negative
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	positive
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	negative
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	negative
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .	positive
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .	negative
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	negative
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .	negative
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous   than leon   .	negative
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .	positive
shame on writer\/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	negative
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	negative
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ?	negative
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady ,   but   the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	negative
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	negative
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?	positive
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	positive
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	negative
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .	negative
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	negative
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	positive
  johnnie to and wai ka fai are   sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .	negative
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company .	negative
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	negative
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .	positive
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	positive
norton is magnetic as graham .	positive
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	negative
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .	positive
but not without cheesy fun factor .	positive
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	negative
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	positive
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	negative
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	negative
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	negative
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .	negative
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	negative
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .	negative
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .	positive
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	negative
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	negative
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	negative
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	negative
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	negative
a french film with a more down-home flavor .	positive
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out .	positive
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	negative
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	positive
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	positive
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	negative
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	positive
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	positive
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	positive
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	positive
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	negative
a charming but slight comedy .	positive
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	negative
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	positive
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	negative
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .	negative
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	positive
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	negative
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .	positive
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .	positive
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	negative
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .	positive
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	positive
amazing !	positive
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	positive
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	negative
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	negative
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .	negative
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	negative
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .	positive
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	positive
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	positive
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	positive
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	negative
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .	positive
it 's splash without the jokes .	negative
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .	positive
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .	negative
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	positive
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	positive
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	positive
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .	positive
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	negative
gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .	negative
classic cinema served up with heart and humor	positive
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side .	negative
fairly run-of-the-mill .	negative
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	negative
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?	positive
drowning 's too good for this sucker .	negative
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	negative
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	negative
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	negative
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	positive
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .	negative
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	positive
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick	positive
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	positive
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	positive
  gosling 's   combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	positive
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .	positive
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	positive
viva le resistance !	positive
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	positive
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	negative
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	negative
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	positive
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	negative
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	negative
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	positive
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	positive
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .	positive
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	positive
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	positive
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .	positive
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	positive
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	positive
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	negative
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .	positive
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .	positive
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	positive
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	positive
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	positive
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .	negative
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	negative
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	positive
make chan 's action sequences boring .	negative
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .	positive
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	positive
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	negative
simplistic , silly and tedious .	negative
oh , look at that clever angle !	positive
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .	negative
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care .	negative
too silly to take seriously .	negative
a joyous occasion	positive
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	positive
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	positive
no , i hate it .	negative
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	positive
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	positive
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	positive
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	positive
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	positive
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .	positive
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	negative
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .	negative
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	negative
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	positive
  t   he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .	negative
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .	positive
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	negative
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	negative
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	positive
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	negative
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	positive
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	positive
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	negative
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .	negative
uneven but a lot of fun .	positive
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . ''	negative
a brutal and funny work .	positive
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .	positive
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	negative
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	positive
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	positive
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	positive
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	negative
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	positive
never once predictable .	positive
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .	positive
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	negative
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	positive
has a solid emotional impact .	positive
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	positive
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations	positive
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .	positive
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	positive
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	positive
but here 's a movie about it anyway .	negative
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	positive
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .	positive
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	positive
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	positive
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	positive
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	negative
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	positive
gets better after foster leaves that little room .	positive
... the good and different idea   of middle-aged romance   is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . ''	negative
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .	negative
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	negative
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .	negative
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	negative
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	positive
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	positive
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	positive
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	positive
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	negative
though writer\/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .	positive
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	positive
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .	positive
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	positive
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .	positive
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	positive
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '	negative
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	positive
a small movie with a big heart .	positive
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .	negative
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	negative
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	positive
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	negative
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	negative
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	negative
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	negative
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .	negative
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	negative
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.	negative
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .	positive
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	positive
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	negative
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	positive
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .	negative
while bollywood\/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those   like me   who are n't .	positive
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	positive
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	positive
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made   eyre 's   first film something of a sleeper success .	negative
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	negative
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	positive
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	negative
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	negative
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	positive
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .	negative
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	positive
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	positive
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	negative
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	negative
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	positive
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''	negative
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .	positive
co-writer\/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	negative
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	negative
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	negative
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	positive
  a   mess .	negative
boring and meandering .	negative
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	negative
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	negative
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	negative
prepare to marvel again .	positive
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	positive
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	negative
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	positive
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	negative
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	positive
this thing is just garbage .	negative
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	positive
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	positive
a fifty car pileup of cliches .	negative
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .	positive
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .	negative
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	negative
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .	negative
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	positive
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	negative
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	positive
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	positive
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	positive
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	positive
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	negative
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	negative
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	negative
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	negative
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .	positive
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .	negative
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .	positive
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	positive
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	positive
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .	negative
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	negative
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	positive
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	negative
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	positive
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .	negative
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	negative
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	negative
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	positive
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .	positive
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	positive
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...	negative
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	positive
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?	positive
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	positive
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	negative
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	negative
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .	positive
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .	positive
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	positive
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	negative
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	negative
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	positive
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	negative
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	negative
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	negative
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	positive
the story has little wit and no surprises .	negative
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than   writer-director   franc .	negative
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	negative
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '	negative
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	negative
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	positive
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	positive
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	negative
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	negative
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	positive
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .	positive
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .	negative
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	positive
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .	negative
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	negative
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	negative
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock   since sept. 11   .	negative
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	negative
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	positive
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	negative
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	negative
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .	negative
dreary tale of middle-class angst	negative
the wanton slipperiness of \* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	positive
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	positive
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	positive
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	positive
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	positive
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	positive
every note rings false .	negative
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .	positive
if you love him , you 'll like it .	positive
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	positive
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	negative
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?	negative
consider it ` perfection . '	positive
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	positive
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	negative
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	negative
its generic villains lack any intrigue   other than their funny accents   and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	negative
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	positive
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	positive
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	negative
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	negative
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	positive
an enjoyable experience .	positive
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	negative
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .	negative
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	positive
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .	negative
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	negative
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	positive
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	positive
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	negative
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	negative
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .	positive
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	negative
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	negative
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	positive
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	positive
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	negative
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	negative
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	negative
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	positive
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	positive
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	positive
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 .	negative
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	negative
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	positive
a weird and wonderful comedy .	positive
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	positive
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	negative
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	positive
there is greatness here .	positive
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	positive
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	positive
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	negative
spare but quietly effective retelling .	positive
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	negative
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	positive
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	negative
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	negative
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .	positive
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	positive
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	negative
can you bear the laughter ?	positive
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .	negative
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	positive
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	negative
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	positive
murder by numbers just does n't add up .	negative
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	positive
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	negative
a beautifully observed character piece .	positive
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	positive
if only it were , well , funnier .	negative
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	positive
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	positive
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .	positive
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .	positive
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	negative
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	negative
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	positive
a conventional but heartwarming tale .	positive
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	positive
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period .	negative
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	positive
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	positive
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	negative
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .	negative
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	positive
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .	negative
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .	positive
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	negative
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .	negative
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	positive
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	positive
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	positive
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	negative
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	positive
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .	negative
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	negative
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	negative
technically and artistically inept .	negative
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	positive
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	positive
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	negative
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	positive
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	positive
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	positive
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .	positive
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	negative
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .	negative
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	positive
throw smoochy from the train !	negative
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .	negative
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	positive
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	positive
you 'll end up moved .	positive
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already .	positive
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .	negative
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	negative
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	positive
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	negative
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	positive
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .	negative
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	negative
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	positive
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	negative
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	positive
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	positive
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...	positive
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	positive
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	negative
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .	negative
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	positive
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	negative
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	negative
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	positive
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	positive
  fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall   show us the world they love and make us love it , too .	positive
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ''	positive
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .	positive
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .	positive
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	negative
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	negative
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	positive
  sam 's   self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	negative
an ambitious ` what if ? '	positive
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	negative
a small movie with a big impact .	positive
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .	positive
the film can depress you about life itself .	negative
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	positive
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	negative
a smart , compelling drama .	positive
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	positive
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	negative
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	negative
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	negative
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	positive
originality is sorely lacking .	negative
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	positive
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	negative
sleek and arty .	positive
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	positive
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	positive
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	positive
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	positive
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	negative
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	positive
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	positive
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	positive
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .	positive
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	negative
an exit sign , that is .	negative
beware the quirky brit-com .	negative
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	positive
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .	positive
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	positive
a well-executed spy-thriller .	positive
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	negative
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .	positive
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	positive
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .	positive
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	negative
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .	positive
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .	positive
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view .	negative
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	negative
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	positive
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .	negative
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	positive
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...	positive
low comedy does n't come much lower .	negative
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .	positive
a funny film .	positive
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	negative
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	positive
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .	positive
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	negative
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	positive
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .	negative
the movie is ingenious fun .	positive
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	positive
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	negative
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	negative
i could n't recommend this film more .	positive
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	negative
it 's an interesting effort   particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts   , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	positive
one funny popcorn flick .	positive
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .	positive
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	positive
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	negative
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .	positive
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	positive
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	positive
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	positive
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .	negative
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	negative
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .	negative
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	negative
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .	negative
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work .	positive
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .	positive
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .	negative
a modest masterpiece .	positive
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	positive
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	positive
slap her - she 's not funny !	negative
a riveting documentary .	positive
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .	positive
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	positive
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .	positive
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	positive
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	positive
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	negative
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	negative
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	negative
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	negative
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	positive
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	positive
  while the last metro   was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	positive
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	negative
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	positive
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	positive
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	positive
do n't even bother to rent this on video .	negative
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	positive
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	negative
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	positive
... silly humbuggery ...	negative
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	positive
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .	negative
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	positive
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	positive
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	positive
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	negative
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	positive
slight but enjoyable documentary .	positive
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .	negative
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	positive
  rises   above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .	positive
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .	positive
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	negative
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	negative
goes on and on to the point of nausea .	negative
bland but harmless .	negative
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	negative
truly terrible .	negative
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	positive
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	negative
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .	negative
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	negative
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	negative
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	positive
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	negative
how about surprising us by trying something new ?	negative
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .	negative
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	positive
a riveting story well told .	positive
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	positive
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player .	positive
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	positive
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	positive
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .	negative
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	positive
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	negative
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .	positive
but it does n't leave you with much .	negative
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .	positive
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .	positive
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	positive
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	positive
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .	negative
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .	negative
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	negative
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .	positive
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .	positive
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	positive
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .	negative
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	negative
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	negative
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .	positive
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	positive
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .	negative
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...	positive
what   denis   accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	positive
but it does have one saving grace .	positive
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	negative
a nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	negative
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	negative
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	positive
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	positive
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	positive
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	negative
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .	positive
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	positive
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	positive
not to mention absolutely refreshed .	positive
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	negative
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	negative
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	negative
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	negative
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	negative
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .	negative
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	positive
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	positive
beautifully produced .	positive
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .	positive
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .	positive
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	positive
daring and beautifully made .	positive
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	negative
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	positive
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	negative
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	negative
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	negative
nice piece of work .	positive
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .	positive
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	negative
that storytelling has value can not be denied .	positive
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	negative
every joke is repeated at least four times .	negative
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	positive
a slight but sweet film .	positive
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	positive
  kline 's   utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .	positive
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	positive
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	negative
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	negative
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	negative
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	positive
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .	negative
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	negative
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	negative
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	negative
that frenetic spectacle   on the tv show   has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout .	negative
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .	positive
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	positive
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .	positive
collapses under its own meager weight .	negative
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	positive
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	negative
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	negative
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .	negative
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	negative
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	positive
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	negative
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece	positive
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .	negative
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .	negative
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	positive
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	positive
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	positive
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	negative
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	negative
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .	positive
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	negative
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .	positive
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .	positive
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .	positive
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	positive
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .	positive
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	positive
very stupid and annoying .	negative
even though many of these guys are less than adorable   their lamentations are pretty much self-centered   , there 's something vital about the movie .	positive
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	negative
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	positive
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	positive
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	positive
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .	positive
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features .	negative
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	negative
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	positive
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .	positive
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .	positive
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	positive
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	negative
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	positive
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	negative
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	negative
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	negative
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	negative
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	negative
video games are more involving than this mess .	negative
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .	positive
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	positive
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	positive
elegant , mannered and teasing .	positive
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .	negative
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	positive
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	positive
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	negative
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	positive
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .	positive
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .	negative
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	positive
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	positive
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	positive
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	positive
it 's a cool event for the whole family .	positive
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	negative
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? ''	negative
` what 's the russian word for wow !? '	positive
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	negative
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .	negative
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .	positive
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	positive
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	negative
it is quite a vision .	positive
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	negative
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .	positive
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	negative
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	negative
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	negative
execrable .	negative
bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .	positive
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	positive
one of the best rock documentaries ever .	positive
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .	negative
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	negative
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	positive
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	positive
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	negative
you expect more from director michael apted   enigma   and screenwriter nicholas kazan   reversal of fortune   than this cliche pileup .	negative
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	positive
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	positive
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	negative
bon appétit !	positive
i like it .	positive
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	negative
almost peerlessly unsettling .	negative
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	positive
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	positive
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	positive
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	negative
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	positive
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .	positive
  davis   wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .	negative
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	positive
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	negative
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	positive
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	positive
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	negative
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	positive
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	positive
terrible .	negative
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .	negative
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	positive
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	positive
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	positive
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .	positive
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	positive
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	positive
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	positive
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	negative
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .	positive
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	negative
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	negative
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	negative
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .	positive
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	negative
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	positive
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	positive
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	negative
go back to sleep .	negative
does n't deserve a passing grade   even on a curve   .	negative
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	negative
  i   t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .	negative
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	positive
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .	positive
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	positive
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .	negative
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .	negative
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	negative
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .	negative
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	positive
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	positive
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	positive
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .	positive
... too sappy for its own good .	negative
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	positive
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	positive
intriguing and downright intoxicating .	positive
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .	negative
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	positive
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .	positive
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	positive
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	negative
funny and touching .	positive
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	negative
one of the best , most understated performances of   jack nicholson 's   career .	positive
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	negative
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...	positive
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	positive
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	positive
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .	positive
the acting is n't much better .	negative
thoroughly enjoyable .	positive
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .	positive
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .	positive
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .	negative
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	negative
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	positive
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	negative
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	negative
the film is all over the place , really .	negative
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	negative
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	negative
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	negative
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .	positive
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	negative
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	negative
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	positive
  f   rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	positive
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	positive
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	negative
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .	positive
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	positive
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	positive
when   reno   lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	negative
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	negative
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	positive
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x.	positive
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	negative
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	positive
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	positive
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	positive
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .	positive
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	negative
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	positive
  a   real pleasure in its laid-back way .	positive
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	negative
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	positive
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .	positive
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after   seagal 's   earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	negative
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	negative
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	positive
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier .	positive
if only merchant paid more attention the story .	negative
average , at best , i 'm afraid .	negative
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .	negative
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .	positive
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	negative
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .	positive
terminally brain dead production .	negative
this is a superior horror flick .	positive
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .	negative
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	positive
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	negative
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	positive
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	positive
hard to resist .	positive
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	negative
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	positive
idiotic and ugly .	negative
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	positive
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	positive
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .	positive
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?	positive
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	positive
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .	positive
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors .	positive
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	positive
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .	positive
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .	negative
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	negative
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	positive
you 'll cry for your money back .	negative
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	negative
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	negative
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	negative
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	positive
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	negative
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	positive
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .	negative
the film is strictly routine .	negative
she may not be real , but the laughs are .	positive
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .	positive
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''	negative
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	negative
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	negative
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	negative
compellingly watchable .	positive
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .	positive
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	positive
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .	negative
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	positive
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	positive
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels   hey , do n't shoot the messenger   .	negative
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .	negative
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	positive
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	positive
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	positive
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	positive
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .	positive
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	negative
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	negative
a film that loses sight of its own story .	negative
a stirring road movie .	positive
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	positive
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .	negative
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	positive
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .	negative
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	positive
it 's not an easy one to review .	negative
i love the robust middle of this picture .	positive
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .	positive
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	negative
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	negative
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	negative
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	positive
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	positive
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .	positive
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	positive
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .	positive
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	positive
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .	negative
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	positive
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	positive
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .	positive
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	positive
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	negative
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	positive
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans   as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics   , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .	positive
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	negative
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	negative
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	negative
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .	positive
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	positive
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	positive
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	negative
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	positive
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ...	positive
insightfully written , delicately performed	positive
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	positive
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	positive
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	negative
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	negative
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	positive
sex with strangers is fascinating ...	positive
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	negative
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	positive
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	negative
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	positive
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	positive
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	negative
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	positive
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .	positive
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	positive
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	negative
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	positive
jackson is always watchable .	positive
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '	negative
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	positive
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	negative
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	positive
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .	positive
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	positive
i will be .	positive
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	negative
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	positive
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	positive
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor	positive
a dreary movie .	negative
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	negative
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	positive
staggeringly dreadful romance .	negative
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	positive
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	negative
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	negative
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	negative
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .	negative
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .	positive
brought to life on the big screen .	positive
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	negative
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	negative
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	negative
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	positive
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	negative
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script	negative
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .	positive
not so much farcical as sour .	negative
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	positive
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	positive
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	negative
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .	negative
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	positive
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .	positive
`` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	positive
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...   it   comes off like a hallmark commercial .	negative
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .	positive
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	positive
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	negative
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	positive
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	negative
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	positive
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	negative
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .	positive
morvern rocks .	positive
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	negative
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	positive
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .	positive
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	negative
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .	negative
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	positive
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	positive
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	negative
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	positive
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...	positive
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	positive
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	negative
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	positive
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	positive
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	positive
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	positive
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	negative
an awful lot like one of   spears '   music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	negative
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	positive
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	negative
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	positive
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	positive
it gets old quickly .	negative
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .	positive
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	negative
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .	positive
  sports   admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .	positive
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	positive
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	positive
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard   which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog   is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .	negative
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	positive
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	negative
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	positive
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '	positive
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	negative
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	negative
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	positive
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	negative
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	negative
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	positive
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	negative
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .	positive
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	positive
bad and baffling from the get-go .	negative
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	positive
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	negative
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .	positive
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	negative
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	positive
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	negative
it 's never dull and always looks good .	positive
exploits   headbanger   stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	positive
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .	negative
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .	negative
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .	positive
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	positive
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	negative
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	negative
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	negative
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	negative
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .	negative
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	negative
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	positive
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	negative
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .	positive
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	positive
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	positive
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .	positive
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	positive
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	positive
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	negative
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	negative
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	positive
i 'll go out on a limb .	positive
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .	positive
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	negative
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	negative
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	negative
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	negative
it 's just rather leaden and dull .	negative
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .	positive
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	negative
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	positive
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	negative
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	positive
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .	negative
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	negative
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	positive
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .	positive
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	negative
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	negative
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	negative
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	negative
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	negative
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	negative
but on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	positive
a tone poem of transgression .	positive
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	positive
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	positive
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	positive
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	negative
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .	positive
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	negative
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	positive
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	negative
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	negative
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	positive
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .	positive
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	positive
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	positive
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .	positive
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	positive
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	negative
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	positive
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .	negative
both damning and damned compelling .	positive
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	positive
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	positive
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	negative
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	negative
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	positive
it 's a scorcher .	positive
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .	positive
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .	positive
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	positive
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	positive
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .	positive
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	negative
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	negative
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .	negative
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .	positive
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .	positive
more a gunfest than a rock concert .	negative
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	positive
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	positive
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	positive
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	positive
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine .	positive
  a   painfully flat gross-out comedy ...	negative
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	positive
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	positive
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	positive
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	negative
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	positive
but what is missing from it all is a moral .	negative
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	positive
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	positive
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	negative
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	positive
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .	positive
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	negative
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	negative
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	negative
it deserves to be seen everywhere .	positive
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	positive
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	negative
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	positive
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	negative
the performances are an absolute joy .	positive
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .	negative
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .	negative
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .	positive
just a kiss is a just a waste .	negative
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	negative
the pool drowned me in boredom .	negative
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	positive
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	positive
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	positive
a remarkable film by bernard rose .	positive
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	positive
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	positive
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	positive
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	negative
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .	negative
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .	positive
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	negative
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	positive
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	positive
lush and beautifully photographed   somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book   , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	negative
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	positive
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	positive
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	positive
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .	negative
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	positive
  t   his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	negative
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	positive
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .	negative
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	positive
... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	positive
  h   ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .	negative
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	negative
... hokey art house pretension .	negative
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	negative
it is definitely worth seeing .	positive
transforms one of   shakespeare 's   deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	positive
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	negative
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	positive
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .	negative
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .	positive
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	negative
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	positive
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	positive
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what   aniston   has always needed to grow into a movie career .	positive
deserving of its critical backlash and more .	negative
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	negative
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .	positive
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	negative
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	negative
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't .	negative
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .	positive
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	positive
boyd 's screenplay   co-written with guardian hack nick davies   has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .	negative
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .	negative
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	negative
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '	positive
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	positive
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	negative
  t   he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	negative
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	positive
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .	positive
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .	positive
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	positive
it 's just not very smart .	negative
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .	negative
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .	positive
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	positive
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	positive
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	negative
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .	negative
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . '	positive
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	positive
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .	negative
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that   nelson 's   achievement does n't match his ambition .	negative
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .	negative
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	positive
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	positive
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	positive
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	negative
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .	negative
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	negative
all mood and no movie .	negative
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .	positive
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	negative
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	negative
the magic   and original running time   of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version .	positive
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .	positive
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	positive
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .	negative
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	positive
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	negative
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	positive
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	positive
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	negative
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .	negative
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	positive
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .	positive
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	positive
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .	positive
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .	positive
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .	negative
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	negative
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .	positive
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	positive
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	positive
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	positive
by that measure , it is a failure .	negative
the movie has a script   by paul pender   made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	negative
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	negative
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	negative
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .	positive
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	positive
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	negative
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	negative
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	positive
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .	negative
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role .	negative
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .	positive
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	positive
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	positive
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	positive
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	negative
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	negative
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	positive
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .	negative
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	negative
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .	positive
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .	positive
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	positive
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .	negative
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	negative
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .	negative
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	positive
it 's quite diverting nonsense .	negative
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	negative
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .	positive
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	positive
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .	negative
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	positive
degenerates into hogwash .	negative
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	negative
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	positive
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	positive
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . ''	negative
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	negative
i liked it just enough .	positive
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	positive
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .	positive
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .	positive
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '	positive
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	negative
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	positive
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .	negative
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	negative
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	positive
press the delete key .	negative
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	positive
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .	positive
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	negative
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	negative
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	positive
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	negative
we hate   madonna   within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	negative
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .	positive
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .	negative
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?	negative
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	negative
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	positive
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	positive
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	positive
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	positive
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	positive
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .	positive
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	negative
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	negative
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	positive
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	positive
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	negative
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts	positive
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .	negative
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .	negative
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	negative
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	negative
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	negative
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .	positive
a sense of real magic , perhaps .	positive
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	negative
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .	positive
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	negative
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	negative
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ...	positive
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	negative
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	negative
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .	negative
i ca n't recommend it .	negative
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	positive
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .	positive
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	negative
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	negative
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	negative
... hypnotically dull .	negative
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .	positive
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	positive
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	positive
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .	negative
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	negative
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	negative
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	positive
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind	positive
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .	positive
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .	positive
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	positive
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	positive
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . '	negative
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	positive
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !	negative
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .	negative
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	positive
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	positive
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director anderson .	positive
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel   about schmidt   and an old payne screenplay .	negative
the gags are often a stitch .	positive
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	positive
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .	positive
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .	positive
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	negative
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	positive
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .	negative
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	negative
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	negative
the story itself is actually quite vapid .	negative
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .	positive
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	positive
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	positive
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .	positive
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	negative
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .	negative
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .	positive
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .	negative
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	positive
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	negative
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	positive
hard , endearing , caring , warm .	positive
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	negative
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	positive
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	positive
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	positive
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	positive
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	negative
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .	positive
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	negative
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '	positive
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	positive
strange it is , but delightfully so .	positive
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	positive
`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! ''	positive
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	positive
a gushy episode of `` m \* a \* s \* h '' only this time from an asian perspective .	negative
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	positive
dramas like this make it human .	positive
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	positive
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	negative
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	positive
  gulpilil   is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .	positive
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	positive
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	positive
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	positive
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	negative
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . '	positive
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .	positive
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .	negative
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	positive
it 's drab .	negative
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	positive
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	positive
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .	negative
writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	positive
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	positive
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	positive
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .	positive
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them .	positive
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . '	positive
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	positive
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	negative
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	positive
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 .	positive
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	positive
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	negative
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	positive
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	positive
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	positive
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel   or robert aldrich   , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .	negative
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	positive
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .	positive
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	negative
you have to see it .	positive
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	negative
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	negative
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	negative
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	positive
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	positive
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	negative
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	negative
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	positive
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	positive
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	positive
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	negative
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .	negative
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	positive
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	negative
psychologically savvy .	positive
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	negative
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .	negative
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	negative
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	negative
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	negative
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	positive
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	positive
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .	positive
malcolm mcdowell is cool .	positive
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	negative
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .	negative
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .	positive
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	negative
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ?	negative
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	negative
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	negative
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	positive
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	negative
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	negative
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	negative
this u-boat does n't have a captain .	negative
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love .	positive
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	negative
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	negative
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	positive
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	negative
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	positive
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	negative
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	negative
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	positive
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	positive
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	negative
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	negative
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	negative
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	positive
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	negative
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .	negative
yes , soar .	positive
run for your lives !	negative
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .	positive
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	positive
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room .	positive
includes too much obvious padding .	negative
and in a sense , that 's a liability .	negative
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	positive
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	negative
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	positive
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors   dawson leery did what ?!?   , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	negative
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	negative
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .	positive
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	negative
even kids deserve better .	negative
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	negative
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .	negative
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .	negative
typical animé , with cheapo animation   like saturday morning tv in the '60s   , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .	negative
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	positive
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	negative
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	positive
odd and weird .	negative
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	positive
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	positive
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .	positive
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	positive
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	positive
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	positive
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	negative
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	positive
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon   who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate   ...	positive
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !	negative
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .	positive
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	positive
  russell   makes good b movies   the mask , the blob   , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .	positive
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .	positive
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .	positive
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	negative
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	positive
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be	negative
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .	negative
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .	positive
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	positive
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .	positive
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	negative
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .	positive
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .	positive
... very funny , very enjoyable ...	positive
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !	positive
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	positive
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .	negative
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	negative
with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	positive
woody allen has really found his groove these days .	positive
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	positive
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	positive
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	negative
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	positive
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	positive
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	negative
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	positive
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .	positive
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	positive
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .	positive
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	negative
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .	negative
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	negative
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	negative
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	negative
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	positive
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	positive
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	positive
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .	negative
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	positive
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	positive
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	negative
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .	positive
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	negative
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	positive
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .	positive
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '	negative
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .	positive
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	negative
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	positive
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	positive
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	negative
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	positive
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	negative
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	positive
it 's uninteresting .	negative
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .	positive
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	positive
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	negative
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	negative
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .	positive
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	negative
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .	positive
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	positive
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	positive
a processed comedy chop suey .	negative
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	negative
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	negative
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	negative
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	positive
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	positive
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	positive
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	positive
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ...	positive
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	negative
a bad movie that happened to good actors .	negative
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	positive
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	positive
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	positive
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film   at 80 minutes   is actually quite entertaining .	positive
pretty good little movie .	positive
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	negative
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	positive
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	negative
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .	positive
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .	positive
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	negative
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .	negative
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	positive
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	negative
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	negative
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	negative
it 's better than the phantom menace .	positive
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	positive
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	positive
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .	positive
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	negative
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	negative
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .	negative
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! ''	positive
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	negative
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	positive
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .	negative
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	negative
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	positive
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	positive
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience	negative
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .	positive
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	positive
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	positive
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	positive
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ...   b   ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	negative
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	negative
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	positive
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .	negative
where the film falters is in its tone .	negative
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	positive
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	negative
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	positive
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	positive
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	negative
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .	positive
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	positive
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .	negative
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	positive
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	negative
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	negative
a moving and important film .	positive
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .	negative
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .	positive
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	positive
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	negative
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	negative
a genuine mind-bender .	positive
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	negative
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	negative
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	negative
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .	positive
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	positive
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	positive
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .	negative
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	positive
one of the worst films of 2002 .	negative
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	positive
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	positive
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	positive
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .	negative
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	negative
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	positive
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .	positive
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	positive
a real snooze .	negative
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	negative
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	positive
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .	positive
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	negative
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	positive
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	negative
contrived pastiche of caper clichés .	negative
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	negative
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .	positive
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	positive
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	positive
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	positive
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	positive
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .	negative
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	negative
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	positive
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	positive
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents	negative
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	positive
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .	negative
lazy , miserable and smug .	negative
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .	positive
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	negative
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	negative
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	negative
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	negative
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .	negative
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	positive
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	negative
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	negative
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	negative
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	positive
for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .	positive
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .	negative
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .	negative
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	positive
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	positive
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	negative
often hilarious .	positive
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	positive
a surprisingly funny movie .	positive
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .	negative
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	positive
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	positive
this movie got me grinning .	positive
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	positive
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .	positive
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	positive
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	negative
stale , futile scenario .	negative
`` auto focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era	positive
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	negative
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	positive
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	negative
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .	positive
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	negative
in the end , there is n't much to it .	negative
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .	positive
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	positive
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	positive
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	positive
... unbearably lame .	negative
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	negative
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	negative
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	positive
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	positive
harmless fun .	positive
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	negative
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	positive
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct   `` laissez-passer ''   wears its heart on its sleeve .	positive
in this case zero .	negative
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	positive
weird .	negative
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	negative
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	positive
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	negative
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer   jeremy renner   and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	negative
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .	negative
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	negative
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	positive
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .	negative
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	positive
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	positive
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	negative
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	negative
  a   stale retread of the '53 original .	negative
a compelling film .	positive
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .	positive
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	negative
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	positive
an intoxicating experience .	positive
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	positive
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	negative
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	negative
just plain bad .	negative
a weird , arresting little ride .	positive
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	positive
... one resurrection too many .	negative
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	positive
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .	positive
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	negative
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	positive
polished , well-structured film .	positive
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	negative
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	negative
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	positive
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	negative
  `` safe conduct ''   is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	positive
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	negative
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	negative
you could hate it for the same reason .	negative
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	positive
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	positive
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	positive
i still want my money back .	negative
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	negative
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .	negative
wise and deadpan humorous .	positive
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	positive
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	positive
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	negative
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	positive
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	negative
changing lanes tries for more .	positive
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	negative
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	positive
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .	negative
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	negative
  reynolds   takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	positive
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	positive
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .	negative
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	negative
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .	positive
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	positive
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .	negative
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .	negative
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .	positive
this is an interesting movie ! ''	positive
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	negative
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	positive
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	negative
a slick , engrossing melodrama .	positive
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	negative
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	negative
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	negative
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .	negative
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	negative
an extraordinary dramatic experience .	positive
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .	negative
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	negative
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .	negative
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	positive
the action clichés just pile up .	negative
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	positive
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .	positive
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	negative
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious .	positive
... a pretentious mess ...	negative
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	negative
a wry , affectionate delight .	positive
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	positive
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	positive
it is n't scary .	negative
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .	positive
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	positive
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	positive
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	negative
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	negative
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	positive
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	positive
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours   and , for that matter , shrek   .	negative
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	negative
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .	positive
what i saw , i enjoyed .	positive
... overly melodramatic ...	negative
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	positive
wewannour money back , actually .	negative
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	positive
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	positive
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	negative
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .	positive
this action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	negative
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	negative
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	positive
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .	negative
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	positive
the movie turns out to be   assayas '   homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	negative
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	negative
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .	positive
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care .	negative
a winning and wildly fascinating work .	positive
a marvel of production design .	positive
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .	positive
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	negative
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .	positive
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	positive
they cheapen the overall effect .	negative
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .	positive
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .	negative
eerily accurate depiction of depression .	negative
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .	negative
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	positive
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	positive
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	positive
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .	positive
paul bettany is cool .	positive
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	negative
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	positive
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	positive
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	negative
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	negative
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .	negative
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	positive
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .	negative
never inspires more than an interested detachment .	negative
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because   the leads   are such a companionable couple .	positive
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	positive
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	negative
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .	positive
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .	negative
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	negative
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	positive
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	negative
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	negative
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	negative
does n't add up to much .	negative
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	negative
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	negative
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	negative
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	negative
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	negative
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	negative
an infuriating film .	negative
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	negative
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one   and no one   .	negative
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	positive
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	positive
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	positive
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	positive
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .	negative
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '	negative
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	positive
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	negative
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	positive
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .	positive
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	negative
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	negative
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	negative
and for all the wrong reasons besides .	negative
what an embarrassment .	negative
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .	positive
nevertheless , it still seems endless .	negative
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	positive
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	negative
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .	negative
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	positive
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	positive
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .	positive
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	negative
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	negative
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	positive
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	positive
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .	negative
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .	positive
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .	negative
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .	positive
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer	positive
  cuarón has   created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	positive
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .	positive
two hours of junk .	negative
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	negative
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	positive
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	negative
nothing too deep or substantial .	negative
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	negative
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	negative
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .	positive
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	negative
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .	positive
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	negative
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .	positive
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final   restored   third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	negative
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	positive
  breheny 's   lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	positive
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	positive
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .	negative
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	positive
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .	negative
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	negative
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	negative
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	negative
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before .	positive
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	positive
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	negative
lacks dramatic punch and depth .	negative
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	negative
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	negative
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	negative
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	positive
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	negative
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	negative
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .	positive
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .	negative
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . '	positive
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	negative
meandering and confusing .	negative
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	negative
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .	positive
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable	negative
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	positive
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	positive
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	negative
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	positive
that 's because relatively nothing happens .	negative
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .	positive
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	positive
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	positive
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	positive
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	negative
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	negative
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	positive
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	positive
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	positive
an impressive hybrid .	positive
you 'll know a star when you see one .	positive
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins\/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	positive
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	negative
an ugly , revolting movie .	negative
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	positive
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .	positive
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	positive
  swimfan   falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	negative
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .	negative
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	negative
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	negative
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	positive
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	positive
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	positive
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	negative
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	positive
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	negative
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	positive
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	negative
lightweight but appealing .	positive
hardly a film that comes along every day .	positive
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	negative
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	negative
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .	positive
it 's just merely very bad .	negative
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	positive
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	negative
aan opportunity wasted .	negative
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	negative
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	negative
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	negative
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	positive
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .	positive
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	positive
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	negative
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	positive
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	negative
  reno   delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	positive
a timid , soggy near miss .	negative
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	positive
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	negative
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	negative
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	negative
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .	positive
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	negative
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	positive
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	positive
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	negative
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	negative
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	negative
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	positive
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	positive
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .	negative
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	negative
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	positive
zoom !	positive
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	negative
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	negative
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	negative
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	negative
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist .	positive
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	negative
it 's not original enough .	negative
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	negative
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .	positive
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	positive
it 's not too much of anything .	negative
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	negative
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	positive
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	negative
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	negative
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	negative
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	negative
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	negative
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	negative
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	negative
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	negative
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	negative
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	negative
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .	negative
  moore 's   better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	negative
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	positive
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	positive
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	negative
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	positive
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	negative
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	positive
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective .	negative
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .	positive
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends   it   stimulating depth .	positive
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .	positive
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	positive
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	positive
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	negative
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	negative
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	negative
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	negative
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .	positive
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	positive
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	positive
best indie of the year , so far .	positive
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	negative
  the film 's   taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .	negative
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' .	negative
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	positive
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	negative
it 's a masterpeice .	positive
it 's up to   watts   to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	positive
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	negative
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .	negative
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	negative
the thing just never gets off the ground .	negative
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	positive
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .	positive
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .	negative
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	negative
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	negative
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	negative
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .	positive
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	negative
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	negative
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .	negative
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	negative
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	positive
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	negative
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	negative
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	negative
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	positive
stay away .	negative
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	positive
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	negative
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	negative
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	positive
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	negative
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	negative
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	positive
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold !	positive
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .	negative
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	positive
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .	negative
  cho 's face is   an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	positive
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	negative
it is a likable story , told with competence .	positive
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material .	negative
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	positive
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	negative
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	negative
feels familiar and tired .	negative
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	negative
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .	negative
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . ''	negative
combines improbable melodrama   gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas   with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	positive
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	positive
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	negative
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	positive
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	positive
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	negative
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .	positive
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	negative
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	positive
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	positive
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	negative
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	negative
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	positive
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	positive
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	positive
  a   boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	negative
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick   but none of the sheer lust   .	negative
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry   1984   to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	negative
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	positive
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	positive
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners .	positive
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '	positive
cinematic poo .	negative
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	negative
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	negative
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	negative
... a bland , pretentious mess .	negative
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	positive
an impeccable study in perversity .	positive
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	negative
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	negative
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	negative
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	negative
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	positive
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	negative
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	positive
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	positive
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	positive
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	positive
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	negative
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	negative
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	negative
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	positive
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	negative
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	positive
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	positive
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .	positive
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .	positive
rewarding .	positive
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	negative
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .	negative
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me   horrors !  	positive
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	positive
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	positive
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	negative
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	negative
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	positive
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	negative
the pianist   is   a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	positive
a moving , if uneven , success .	positive
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	negative
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	positive
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .	negative
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	negative
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .	positive
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	negative
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	positive
does n't really add up to much .	negative
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	positive
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .	positive
too bad .	negative
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .	negative
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	negative
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	negative
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	negative
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	negative
... feels as if   there 's   a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	negative
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?	negative
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .	positive
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	positive
knows how to make our imagination wonder .	positive
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	positive
`` red dragon '' is entertaining .	positive
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	negative
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	positive
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	positive
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	negative
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	positive
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	negative
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	positive
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .	negative
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	positive
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	positive
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls	negative
smart and taut .	positive
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	positive
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	positive
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	negative
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	negative
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	positive
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	positive
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	positive
it has plenty of laughs .	positive
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	positive
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	positive
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .	positive
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	positive
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	negative
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	negative
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	negative
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	negative
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	positive
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .	positive
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .	negative
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	negative
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	positive
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	positive
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '	negative
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .	negative
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .	negative
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .	positive
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	positive
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	positive
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	positive
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .	negative
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	negative
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	positive
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .	positive
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	negative
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	negative
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	positive
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .	negative
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	positive
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	positive
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	negative
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	positive
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .	negative
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .	positive
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	positive
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	positive
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	positive
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .	negative
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	positive
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	positive
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	positive
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .	negative
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	negative
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	positive
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .	negative
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .	negative
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	positive
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	positive
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	negative
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	negative
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	positive
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	negative
worth a look as a curiosity .	positive
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	positive
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	negative
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .	positive
it 's still terrible !	negative
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	positive
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	negative
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .	positive
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .	negative
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	positive
oh , and more entertaining , too .	positive
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	negative
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	positive
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	negative
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	positive
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	negative
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	positive
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	positive
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	positive
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	negative
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	positive
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	positive
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes   like sirk , but differently   has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	positive
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	negative
entertaining enough , but nothing new	negative
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .	positive
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's .	negative
duvall is strong as always .	positive
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	positive
... stale and uninspired .	negative
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	positive
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	positive
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	positive
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	negative
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done .	positive
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	negative
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	negative
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	positive
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	positive
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	negative
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	negative
he has a great cast and a great idea .	positive
  a   slummer .	negative
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	positive
full of surprises .	positive
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	positive
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	positive
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .	negative
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	positive
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	positive
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	negative
hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	negative
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	positive
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	positive
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	negative
  westbrook   makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	positive
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	negative
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches   vainly , i think   for something fresh to say .	negative
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .	negative
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	negative
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	positive
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	positive
refreshing .	positive
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	negative
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .	negative
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks   at least during their '70s heyday   comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	negative
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	positive
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .	negative
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	positive
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	positive
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	positive
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .	positive
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	positive
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .	positive
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	positive
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	negative
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?	negative
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	negative
tends to plod .	negative
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .	positive
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	positive
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	negative
there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	negative
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge ,   crane   becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	negative
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	negative
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .	negative
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	positive
spiderman rocks	positive
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	positive
that 's fun for kids of any age .	positive
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	negative
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	positive
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .	positive
disturbing .	negative
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	positive
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	negative
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	negative
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	negative
it 's such a mechanical endeavor   that   it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	negative
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .	negative
a big fat pain .	negative
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	negative
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .	positive
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	positive
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .	negative
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role ,   franco   has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	negative
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .	positive
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	negative
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	negative
here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	positive
a lot smarter than your average bond .	positive
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	negative
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	negative
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .	positive
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .	positive
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	positive
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	positive
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	positive
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	negative
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .	positive
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit .	positive
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	negative
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	negative
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	positive
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .	positive
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	negative
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .	positive
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	negative
too clever by about nine-tenths .	positive
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	negative
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	negative
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	positive
with this masterful , flawless film ,   wang   emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	positive
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	negative
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	positive
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	negative
haneke 's script   from elfriede jelinek 's novel   is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	negative
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	negative
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .	negative
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	positive
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	negative
  barry   gives assassin a disquieting authority .	positive
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	positive
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	negative
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	negative
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...	positive
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	positive
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	positive
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	positive
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .	positive
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	positive
everyone 's to blame here .	negative
really quite funny .	positive
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	positive
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .	positive
this film biggest problem ?	negative
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	positive
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .	positive
absorbing character study by andré turpin .	positive
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	positive
i also believe that resident evil is not it .	negative
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .	positive
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	negative
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	positive
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	negative
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .	negative
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	negative
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	negative
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	negative
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	positive
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	negative
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	negative
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	negative
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	negative
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	positive
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? '	positive
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	positive
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .	positive
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .	positive
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	positive
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .	negative
as it turns out , you can go home again .	positive
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .	negative
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	negative
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .	negative
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	negative
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .	positive
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	negative
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .	negative
uplifting , funny and wise .	positive
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	negative
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	negative
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	positive
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work .	positive
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	negative
seems like someone going through the motions .	negative
  a   wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	positive
but no. .	negative
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	positive
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	positive
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	negative
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	negative
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	positive
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	negative
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	negative
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	negative
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	positive
consistently clever and suspenseful .	positive
two-bit potboiler .	negative
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ...	negative
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	negative
below is well below expectations .	negative
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1\/2 .	negative
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	positive
but it would be better to wait for the video .	negative
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	negative
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	positive
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	negative
... a pretentious mess ...	negative
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .	negative
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	negative
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .	positive
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	positive
see it .	positive
enigma lacks it .	negative
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .	positive
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	positive
the master of disguise is awful .	negative
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	negative
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	negative
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	negative
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	negative
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	negative
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	negative
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .	positive
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	negative
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .	positive
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	positive
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	negative
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	negative
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .	positive
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	positive
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	positive
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	positive
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	negative
there are moments of hilarity to be had .	positive
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	negative
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	positive
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .	positive
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	negative
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .	negative
if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	positive
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	negative
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	positive
... an interesting slice of history .	positive
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	negative
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	positive
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	negative
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	positive
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .	negative
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	positive
astonishing ...   frames   profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	positive
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	positive
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	negative
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	negative
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .	positive
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	positive
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	positive
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .	negative
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .	positive
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	positive
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	negative
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	negative
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .	positive
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets   sci-fi   rehash .	negative
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	positive
this is one of the year 's best films .	positive
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	positive
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	positive
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .	positive
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	positive
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	negative
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .	negative
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .	negative
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	positive
and it is .	positive
great dragons !	positive
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .	negative
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	positive
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	positive
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	negative
lacks depth .	negative
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	positive
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	negative
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	positive
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	negative
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .	negative
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .	positive
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	negative
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .	negative
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	negative
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .	negative
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .	positive
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	negative
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .	negative
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .	positive
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	positive
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	negative
... while dark water is n't a complete wash   no pun intended   , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	negative
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	negative
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .	positive
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	positive
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	negative
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	positive
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	positive
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''	negative
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .	negative
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	positive
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .	negative
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	negative
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	negative
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .	negative
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	positive
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	negative
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	negative
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .	positive
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	negative
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	negative
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time   including mine   on something very inconsequential .	negative
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .	positive
the film 's most improbable feat ?	negative
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	positive
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .	negative
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	negative
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade .	positive
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .	negative
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .	positive
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	negative
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	positive
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .	negative
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .	negative
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	negative
mediocre fable from burkina faso .	negative
everything is off .	negative
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .	positive
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	positive
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	positive
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .	negative
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .	negative
a mess .	negative
a moving picture that does not move .	negative
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	positive
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	positive
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	negative
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	negative
laughably , irredeemably awful .	negative
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	positive
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .	positive
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	negative
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	negative
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	negative
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	negative
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...	positive
  lee   treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .	negative
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	positive
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	positive
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	positive
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	positive
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .	positive
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	negative
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	negative
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than   total recall and blade runner   , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	positive
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	positive
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .	positive
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	negative
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .	negative
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	positive
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .	negative
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .	positive
exhilarating , funny and fun .	positive
an asian neo-realist treasure .	positive
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	positive
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	positive
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	positive
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	positive
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	negative
rosenthal   halloween ii   seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	negative
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	negative
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .	negative
i loved the look of this film .	positive
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	negative
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	negative
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	negative
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	negative
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	positive
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	positive
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .	negative
... a light , yet engrossing piece .	positive
a three-hour cinema master class .	positive
an exhilarating experience .	positive
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	negative
horrible .	negative
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .	negative
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	negative
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	negative
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	positive
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	negative
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	negative
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	positive
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .	negative
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	negative
enough said , except : film overboard !	negative
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	negative
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	positive
bad company .	negative
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	negative
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	positive
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	positive
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .	negative
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .	positive
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	negative
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	positive
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	negative
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	positive
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .	positive
the art demands live viewing .	positive
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	positive
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	positive
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	negative
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	positive
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	positive
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	negative
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	positive
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	positive
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	positive
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	positive
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .	positive
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	positive
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	positive
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	negative
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	positive
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	positive
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	negative
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	negative
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	negative
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	positive
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	negative
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	positive
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	negative
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	negative
great character interaction .	positive
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .	positive
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	positive
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	negative
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .	negative
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .	negative
this is a truly , truly bad movie .	negative
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	negative
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	positive
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	negative
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	positive
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	positive
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	positive
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia	negative
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .	negative
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of   woo 's   best work .	negative
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !	positive
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	negative
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	negative
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .	negative
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	negative
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	negative
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	positive
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	negative
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	negative
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .	positive
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	negative
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	positive
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	negative
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	negative
too bad .	negative
all three women deliver remarkable performances .	positive
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	negative
it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	positive
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .	negative
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .	negative
but the actors make this worth a peek .	positive
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...	positive
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	negative
the movie is without intent .	negative
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american   and an america   always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	positive
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin	positive
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow .	negative
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	positive
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .	negative
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .	positive
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	negative
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	positive
that works .	positive
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	positive
wishy-washy .	negative
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	negative
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	negative
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	positive
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	negative
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	positive
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .	negative
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	positive
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	positive
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .	positive
the movie is a trove of delights .	positive
and that makes all the difference .	positive
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	negative
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .	positive
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	positive
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	negative
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	positive
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	negative
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	positive
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	negative
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .	negative
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	positive
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm   wo n't be an   exceedingly memorable one for most people .	negative
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .	positive
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	positive
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	negative
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press	positive
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	negative
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	negative
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	positive
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	negative
flat , misguided comedy .	negative
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take   its   earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time .	positive
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	negative
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	positive
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .	positive
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	negative
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	negative
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	negative
one regards reign of fire with awe .	positive
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	positive
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .	positive
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	positive
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	negative
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	positive
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	negative
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	positive
  has   an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .	positive
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	positive
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	negative
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	negative
poignant and funny .	positive
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .	negative
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	negative
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .	positive
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	positive
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	negative
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .	positive
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .	positive
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	positive
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai   of all places   served jews who escaped the holocaust .	positive
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .	negative
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	positive
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	negative
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .	positive
genuinely unnerving .	positive
why ?	negative
  fincher 's   camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	positive
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	negative
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	negative
the film is one of the year 's best .	positive
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	negative
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets .	negative
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	negative
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	negative
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .	positive
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	positive
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	negative
a captivating new film .	positive
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	negative
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	positive
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	positive
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	negative
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .	negative
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	negative
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	positive
no laughs .	negative
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	positive
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	negative
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	negative
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	negative
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .	positive
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	positive
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .	negative
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	positive
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	positive
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian   orlando jones   who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	positive
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on   or be entertained by   .	negative
foster and whitaker are especially fine .	positive
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	positive
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	negative
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	positive
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	positive
a cartoon ?	negative
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	negative
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	positive
  toback 's   fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .	negative
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	positive
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	positive
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	positive
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	negative
it 's not too fast and not too slow .	positive
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	positive
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	positive
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	negative
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	positive
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	negative
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .	positive
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	positive
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .	positive
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !	negative
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .	positive
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	negative
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	negative
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .	positive
schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	positive
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	positive
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	negative
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	positive
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	positive
a modestly surprising movie .	positive
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '	positive
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	negative
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .	negative
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	positive
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	negative
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	negative
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?	negative
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	positive
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	positive
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	positive
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	negative
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	positive
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .	positive
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	negative
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	positive
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	positive
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .	positive
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	positive
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	positive
one of the worst movies of the year .	negative
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	negative
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	positive
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .	positive
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	positive
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	negative
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	positive
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .	negative
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	positive
i 've never seen   a remake   do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...	negative
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . ''	negative
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	positive
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	positive
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .	negative
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	negative
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	negative
amidst the action , the script carries arnold   and the viewers   into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''	positive
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	negative
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	negative
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	positive
something must have been lost in the translation .	negative
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	positive
this is just lazy writing .	negative
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	positive
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .	negative
the ring never lets you off the hook .	positive
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	positive
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .	negative
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in   the characters '   misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	negative
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .	negative
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .	negative
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .	negative
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	positive
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	negative
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	negative
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .	positive
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	negative
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	positive
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	positive
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	positive
i have n't laughed that hard in years !	positive
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	positive
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	positive
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	negative
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .	positive
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	negative
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	negative
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	positive
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	positive
very predictable but still entertaining	positive
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	positive
do n't say you were n't warned .	negative
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .	positive
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .	positive
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	negative
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead .	negative
my own minority report is that it stinks .	negative
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	positive
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine ,   harris   brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	positive
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	negative
there 's no good answer to that one .	negative
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .	negative
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	negative
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	negative
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .	positive
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	positive
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	negative
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	negative
been there done that .	negative
something for everyone .	positive
a bit too eager to please .	negative
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures .	positive
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	negative
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .	negative
alternately frustrating and rewarding .	positive
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	negative
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	positive
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge '	positive
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .	positive
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	negative
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	negative
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	negative
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .	positive
but it 's worth the concentration .	positive
the film is full of charm .	positive
it labours as storytelling .	negative
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	negative
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	negative
together   time out and human resources   establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	positive
  woo 's   most resonant film since the killer .	positive
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	positive
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and   too   short on action .	negative
but it was n't .	negative
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	positive
... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	negative
insufferably naive .	negative
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	positive
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '	negative
i wanted more .	negative
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	negative
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	positive
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	positive
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	positive
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	negative
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	negative
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	positive
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .	positive
... a solid , unassuming drama .	positive
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	positive
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	negative
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j.	negative
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	negative
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .	positive
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .	negative
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .	negative
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	negative
  t   oo many of these gross out scenes ...	negative
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	negative
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .	positive
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	positive
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	positive
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	negative
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	negative
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .	negative
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	positive
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	positive
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	positive
is one of this year 's very best pictures .	positive
if only it had the story to match .	negative
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .	negative
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter .	negative
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	positive
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	positive
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	negative
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?	negative
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .	negative
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	positive
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .	negative
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	negative
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	negative
what 's next ?	positive
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	negative
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	positive
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	negative
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	negative
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .	positive
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	positive
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	negative
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	negative
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	positive
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	negative
intimate and panoramic .	positive
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	positive
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	negative
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	positive
leigh makes these lives count .	positive
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	positive
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --	negative
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .	positive
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	negative
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	positive
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	negative
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	positive
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	positive
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	positive
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	negative
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	negative
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	negative
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	negative
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .	positive
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	positive
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	negative
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	negative
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	negative
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	positive
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	positive
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .	negative
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	positive
sweet and memorable film .	positive
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	negative
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	positive
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .	negative
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	negative
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	negative
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	negative
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	negative
  a   thoughtful , visually graceful work .	positive
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of   witherspoon 's   better films .	negative
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	positive
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	positive
this dubious product of a college-spawned   colgate u.   comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .	negative
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	positive
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	negative
it 's pauly shore awful .	negative
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	positive
a gem of a movie .	positive
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	positive
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	negative
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should .	positive
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	negative
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	negative
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .	negative
one of the best movies of the year .	positive
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	negative
a complete waste of time .	negative
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	positive
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .	positive
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	positive
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	positive
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first   as best i remember   , but still a very good time at the cinema .	positive
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	negative
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .	positive
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	negative
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .	positive
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .	negative
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	negative
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	positive
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	positive
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .	negative
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	positive
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	negative
it sucked .	negative
this is no `` waterboy ! ''	negative
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	positive
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	negative
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	positive
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .	positive
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	positive
his   nelson 's   screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	negative
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	negative
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	negative
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	positive
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	positive
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	positive
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	negative
the movie is brilliant , really .	positive
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .	positive
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	positive
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	negative
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	negative
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	positive
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	negative
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	negative
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works .	positive
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?	positive
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .	positive
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	positive
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	positive
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	positive
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .	positive
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	positive
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	positive
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	negative
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .	positive
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	positive
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	positive
  less a movie than   an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .	negative
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	negative
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	negative
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .	negative
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .	negative
once she lets her love depraved leads meet ,   denis '   story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	negative
this movie is to be cherished .	positive
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	negative
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .	positive
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	negative
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .	negative
elegant and eloquent   meditation   on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	positive
a bold   and lovely   experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	positive
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	positive
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	positive
a perceptive , good-natured movie .	positive
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	positive
it 's not only dull because we 've seen   eddie   murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .	negative
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	positive
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .	positive
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	negative
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .	negative
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	negative
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .	positive
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	positive
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	negative
an action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	positive
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	positive
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	positive
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .	positive
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	negative
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	negative
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .	positive
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	negative
a lovely film for the holiday season .	positive
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .	negative
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	positive
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	positive
an awful snooze .	negative
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	positive
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	negative
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	negative
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	negative
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .	positive
but it 's surprisingly harmless .	positive
with an unusual protagonist   a kilt-wearing jackson   and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	positive
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .	positive
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	positive
a chiller resolutely without chills .	negative
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	positive
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	positive
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	negative
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .	positive
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	negative
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	negative
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .	positive
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	negative
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .	positive
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .	positive
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .	negative
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	positive
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .	negative
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .	negative
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	negative
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	positive
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .	positive
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	positive
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	positive
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	positive
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	positive
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	positive
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	negative
woody , what happened ?	negative
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .	negative
humor in i spy is so anemic .	negative
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	positive
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	negative
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	negative
  allen 's   best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .	positive
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .	positive
every joke is repeated at least four times .	negative
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	negative
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .	negative
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .	negative
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	negative
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	positive
feels shrill , simple and soapy .	negative
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	positive
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	negative
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	negative
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .	negative
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	positive
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	positive
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	positive
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . ''	negative
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	negative
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .	positive
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .	negative
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '	positive
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	negative
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	positive
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	positive
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	negative
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	negative
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .	negative
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	negative
the french director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	negative
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	negative
abysmally pathetic	negative
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	positive
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	negative
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	negative
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .	positive
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	positive
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	positive
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	negative
like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	negative
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	negative
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	positive
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	positive
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	positive
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .	negative
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .	positive
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .	negative
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	negative
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	positive
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	negative
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	negative
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	negative
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	negative
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .	negative
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	positive
eight legged freaks ?	negative
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings	positive
intriguing and stylish .	positive
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	negative
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .	negative
an opportunity missed .	negative
shallow , noisy and pretentious .	negative
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .	positive
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	positive
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	positive
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	negative
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .	positive
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	negative
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .	positive
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun .	negative
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .	positive
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	negative
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	positive
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .	negative
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	positive
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	negative
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .	positive
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	negative
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .	negative
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	negative
any rock pile will do for a set .	negative
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld   who is also one of the film 's producers   do everything he can to look like a good guy .	negative
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	negative
standing by yourself is haunting ...   it 's   what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	positive
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	positive
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	negative
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	negative
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .	positive
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	negative
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead   water   weight of the other .	negative
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	negative
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for   or worth rooting against , for that matter   .	negative
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	positive
slap me , i saw this movie .	negative
it drowns in sap .	negative
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	positive
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .	negative
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	negative
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	negative
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	negative
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	negative
a lame comedy .	negative
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .	positive
formuliac , but fun .	positive
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	negative
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	negative
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .	positive
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	negative
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .	negative
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	positive
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	negative
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	negative
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	positive
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .	positive
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .	negative
like a can of 2-day old coke .	negative
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !	positive
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	positive
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .	positive
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .	positive
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	positive
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	positive
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	negative
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	positive
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	positive
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	positive
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .	positive
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	positive
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .	positive
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	negative
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...	positive
in other words , it 's badder than bad .	negative
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	positive
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	negative
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	positive
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as   jason bourne   .	positive
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	negative
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .	positive
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	positive
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .	negative
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	positive
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	negative
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .	positive
paul cox needed to show it .	negative
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .	positive
  danny huston gives   an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	positive
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	negative
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .	positive
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	negative
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	negative
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	negative
no surprises .	negative
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	positive
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	positive
  creates   the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	negative
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	negative
thumbs down .	negative
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	positive
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	negative
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	positive
it 's a masterpiece .	positive
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	negative
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	negative
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .	positive
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	negative
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	negative
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	negative
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	positive
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	positive
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	positive
  tries   to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .	negative
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	negative
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .	negative
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	positive
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	positive
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	negative
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	negative
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?	positive
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us	negative
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	positive
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	positive
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	negative
a movie to forget	negative
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .	positive
charlotte sometimes is a gem .	positive
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	positive
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	positive
a crisp psychological drama   and   a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode .	positive
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .	negative
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	positive
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .	positive
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	negative
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	positive
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	negative
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	negative
not once does it come close to being exciting .	negative
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	positive
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .	negative
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	negative
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	negative
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	negative
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	positive
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	positive
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	positive
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .	positive
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .	positive
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .	negative
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	negative
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .	positive
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .	negative
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	positive
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	positive
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation   career - kids = misery   in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	negative
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	negative
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	positive
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	negative
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	positive
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	positive
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	positive
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	negative
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	negative
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .	positive
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	negative
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	positive
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	negative
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	positive
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .	positive
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	negative
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	positive
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	negative
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible	negative
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	positive
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	positive
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	negative
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	positive
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	negative
if   jaglom 's   latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	positive
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	negative
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	negative
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	negative
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	negative
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .	positive
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	positive
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .	positive
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	positive
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	negative
  soderbergh   tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	negative
go , girls , right down the reality drain .	negative
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	negative
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	positive
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	negative
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .	positive
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	negative
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	positive
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	negative
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	negative
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	positive
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	positive
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	negative
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	negative
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	negative
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	positive
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	positive
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	negative
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	negative
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	positive
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .	negative
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	negative
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .	positive
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	negative
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .	negative
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	negative
sluggish , tonally uneven .	negative
more tiring than anything .	negative
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	positive
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	negative
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	negative
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .	positive
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	positive
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	negative
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	negative
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .	negative
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .	negative
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine .	negative
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	negative
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	positive
more precious than perspicacious	positive
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	positive
the performances are uniformly good .	positive
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .	positive
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	positive
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	negative
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	negative
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	negative
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .	positive
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	positive
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	positive
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	negative
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	positive
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .	positive
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .	positive
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	positive
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	negative
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	positive
a very capable nailbiter .	positive
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	positive
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .	positive
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .	positive
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	negative
obvious .	negative
  a   soulless , stupid sequel ...	negative
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	positive
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	positive
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .	negative
a thought-provoking picture .	positive
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .	positive
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .	positive
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	negative
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	positive
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	positive
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	negative
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .	negative
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .	positive
delight your senses and crash this wedding !	positive
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .	negative
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .	negative
while american adobo has its heart   and its palate   in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	negative
thoroughly awful .	negative
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .	positive
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .	positive
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	positive
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	positive
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	positive
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	negative
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !	positive
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	positive
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .	negative
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	positive
especially give credit to affleck .	positive
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .	positive
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	positive
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .	positive
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .	positive
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	positive
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	negative
if you recognize zeus   the dog from snatch   it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	negative
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	positive
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling .	positive
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	negative
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	positive
the script ?	negative
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	negative
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	positive
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	negative
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .	negative
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	negative
it 's all surface psychodramatics .	negative
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	positive
the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	negative
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	positive
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	negative
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	negative
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	negative
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	positive
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?	positive
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	negative
should have gone straight to video .	negative
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	positive
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	negative
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	negative
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .	negative
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	positive
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	negative
` this movie sucks . '	negative
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .	positive
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	negative
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	negative
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	positive
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	positive
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	positive
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .	negative
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .	positive
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	negative
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .	negative
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	positive
... a solid , well-formed satire .	positive
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	negative
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	negative
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	positive
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	negative
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	negative
predictably melodramatic .	negative
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	positive
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	positive
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	negative
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	positive
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	negative
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .	positive
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	negative
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .	negative
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	positive
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	negative
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	negative
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	positive
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	negative
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .	positive
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	positive
singer\/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .	positive
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	negative
wait to see it then .	negative
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	negative
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	positive
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .	positive
the crap continues .	negative
it 's always enthralling .	positive
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .	positive
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	positive
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	positive
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	positive
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	positive
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	negative
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	negative
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	positive
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .	negative
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	positive
brisk hack job .	negative
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	negative
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	positive
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	positive
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	positive
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	positive
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept   aliens come to earth   and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	positive
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	positive
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .	positive
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	negative
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .	negative
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	negative
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .	negative
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	positive
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans .	positive
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	positive
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	positive
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	negative
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it .	negative
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	negative
yet the act is still charming here .	positive
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	positive
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	positive
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	negative
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	negative
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	positive
this is a film living far too much in its own head .	negative
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .	positive
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	negative
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	positive
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .	negative
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .	positive
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	positive
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .	positive
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	positive
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	positive
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	positive
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	negative
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	positive
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	positive
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .	positive
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	negative
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	negative
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard   eileen walsh   when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	negative
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	negative
on top of a foundering performance ,   madonna 's   denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	negative
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land .	positive
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	negative
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .	negative
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	negative
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	positive
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	positive
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	positive
cool .	positive
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	negative
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	negative
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	positive
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker .	positive
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .	positive
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .	positive
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	negative
shallow .	negative
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	negative
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states .	positive
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .	positive
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	positive
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .	negative
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	positive
  t   he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	negative
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .	positive
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .	positive
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	negative
who cares ?   .	negative
how inept is serving sara ?	negative
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	negative
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .	positive
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .	positive
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .	negative
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	positive
by-the-numbers yarn .	negative
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .	negative
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	positive
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	positive
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	positive
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	positive
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	negative
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	negative
  d   espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	positive
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park   as well as one , ms. mirren , who did   , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	positive
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	negative
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	positive
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	negative
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	negative
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .	positive
... a rather bland affair .	negative
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	positive
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	positive
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	negative
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	positive
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	negative
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	positive
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	negative
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .	positive
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .	negative
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	negative
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions .	positive
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	positive
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	negative
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	positive
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version   no more racist portraits of indians , for instance   , but the excitement is missing .	negative
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	positive
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	positive
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	positive
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	positive
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .	positive
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .	positive
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	negative
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	positive
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	negative
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .	positive
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	positive
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	negative
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	negative
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	positive
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .	positive
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .	positive
it should have stayed there .	negative
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	positive
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .	positive
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	negative
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	negative
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	positive
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	positive
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	positive
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	positive
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	positive
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .	negative
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	negative
storytelling feels slight .	negative
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	positive
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	negative
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	negative
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	positive
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	negative
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	negative
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	positive
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	negative
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .	negative
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	negative
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	negative
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '	negative
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	positive
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ?	negative
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	negative
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	positive
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	positive
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience   young bow wow fans   - with nothing but net .	positive
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	negative
a charmer from belgium .	positive
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	positive
it 's not a great monster movie .	negative
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .	negative
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	negative
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	negative
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	negative
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	positive
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	negative
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	negative
visually captivating .	positive
death might be a release .	negative
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '	negative
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	positive
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	positive
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .	negative
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	positive
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .	positive
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	positive
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .	positive
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	negative
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .	positive
the script is smart , not cloying .	positive
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	negative
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	positive
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	negative
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	positive
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	negative
the film grows on you .	positive
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .	negative
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	positive
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	negative
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	positive
a gentle and engrossing character study .	positive
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	negative
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .	positive
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	negative
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .	positive
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .	negative
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	negative
i loved this film .	positive
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	positive
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	positive
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .	negative
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	negative
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .	negative
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	positive
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	positive
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	positive
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .	positive
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .	positive
... watching it was painful .	negative
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity .	positive
as pedestrian as they come .	negative
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	positive
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	positive
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	positive
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	negative
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	positive
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	positive
  ramsay   visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	positive
i liked this film a lot ...	positive
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	positive
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	negative
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	positive
  a   satisfying niblet .	positive
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	negative
it 's one long bore .	negative
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .	positive
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	positive
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .	positive
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .	positive
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	positive
it is also beautifully acted .	positive
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	negative
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	positive
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .	positive
ill-considered , unholy hokum .	negative
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	positive
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .	positive
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .	negative
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	negative
what little grace   rifkin 's   tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	negative
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .	positive
fantastic !	positive
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .	negative
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .	negative
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	negative
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	negative
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	positive
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	negative
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .	negative
ararat feels like a book report	negative
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	negative
  city   reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this '   1999   and ` analyze that , ' promised   or threatened   for later this year .	positive
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	positive
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	negative
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .	negative
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	negative
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	positive
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .	positive
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	positive
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .	negative
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	negative
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	negative
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	positive
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .	negative
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	negative
warm and exotic .	positive
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	negative
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	negative
not just unlikable .	negative
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling   though no less horrifying for it   .	positive
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	positive
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	negative
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .	positive
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	negative
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .	negative
woefully pretentious .	negative
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	negative
  taymor   utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .	positive
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	positive
action - mechanical .	negative
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .	positive
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	positive
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	negative
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	positive
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	positive
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	negative
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .	negative
writer\/director alexander payne   election   and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .	positive
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	positive
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	positive
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	negative
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	negative
while the transgressive trappings   especially the frank sex scenes   ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	negative
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	positive
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	negative
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .	negative
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	positive
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	negative
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party .	negative
makes one thing abundantly clear .	positive
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	negative
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	negative
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	negative
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	positive
  shyamalan   continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	positive
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	negative
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .	positive
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .	positive
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	positive
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .	positive
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	negative
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .	negative
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .	positive
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .	negative
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall .	positive
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .	positive
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .	positive
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .	negative
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	positive
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	negative
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time .	positive
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .	positive
on its own , it 's not very interesting .	negative
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .	positive
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	positive
without any redeeming value whatsoever .	negative
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	negative
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .	negative
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	positive
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .	positive
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .	positive
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	negative
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	positive
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	positive
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	negative
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	positive
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	negative
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !	positive
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	negative
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	positive
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	negative
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	negative
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	positive
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	positive
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	negative
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	negative
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	negative
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way .	negative
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	positive
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	positive
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	negative
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	negative
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .	positive
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	positive
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not .	negative
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	positive
decent but dull .	negative
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	negative
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	positive
there 's already been too many of these films ...	negative
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	positive
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	positive
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	negative
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	positive
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	negative
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	negative
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	negative
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	negative
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	negative
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	positive
seriously , rent the disney version .	negative
this is a movie you can trust .	positive
a great script brought down by lousy direction .	negative
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .	negative
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	negative
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	negative
worthy of the gong .	negative
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	negative
  reaches   wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	positive
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	positive
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	positive
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .	negative
deliciously slow .	positive
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	negative
many insightful moments .	positive
  gayton 's script   telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	positive
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	positive
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	negative
  hayek   throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .	positive
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	positive
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	positive
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	negative
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	positive
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .	positive
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	negative
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	positive
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .	negative
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .	positive
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .	positive
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	positive
it 's like a drive-by .	negative
the trailer is a riot .	positive
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	negative
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	positive
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	negative
very well-written and very well-acted .	positive
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament .	negative
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	positive
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	negative
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	positive
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	positive
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .	negative
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	positive
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	positive
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	positive
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	negative
  at least   moore is a real charmer .	positive
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	negative
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .	negative
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .	negative
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway	negative
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	negative
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	positive
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .	positive
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	positive
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .	positive
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .	negative
  jeff 's   gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	positive
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	positive
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	negative
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	positive
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	positive
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	positive
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	positive
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	negative
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	positive
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	positive
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .	negative
  caine   proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	positive
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	negative
too much power , not enough puff .	negative
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	negative
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	negative
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .	positive
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	negative
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	positive
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	positive
gently humorous and touching .	positive
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	negative
  evans is   a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	negative
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	negative
a taut , sobering film .	positive
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	negative
the concept is a hoot .	positive
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	positive
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	positive
what   frei   gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .	positive
an awfully good , achingly human picture .	positive
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .	negative
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	positive
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	positive
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	negative
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	negative
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	positive
there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	positive
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	negative
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	positive
it hates its characters .	negative
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	negative
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	positive
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	positive
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson .	negative
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	positive
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .	negative
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	positive
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	negative
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	positive
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	negative
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .	negative
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	positive
at times , it actually hurts to watch .	negative
dramatically lackluster .	negative
other than the slightly flawed   and fairly unbelievable   finale , everything else is top shelf .	positive
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	negative
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .	positive
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	negative
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy	positive
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is   cattaneo   sophomore slump .	negative
... a true delight .	positive
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .	negative
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	positive
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	negative
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the   teen comedy   genre a bad name .	negative
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .	positive
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	negative
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	negative
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	positive
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	positive
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	negative
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .	negative
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .	negative
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	negative
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .	positive
a tremendous piece of work .	positive
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	negative
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	positive
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	positive
lurid and less than lucid work .	negative
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video\/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .	negative
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	negative
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	positive
some episodes work , some do n't .	negative
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	positive
  there 's   quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .	positive
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	positive
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .	negative
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .	positive
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	positive
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	negative
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	positive
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .	positive
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .	negative
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .	positive
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	positive
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	positive
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	negative
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	negative
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	negative
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .	negative
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	positive
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	negative
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .	positive
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	negative
upper teens may get cynical .	negative
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .	positive
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	positive
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	negative
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	negative
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .	negative
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .	negative
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .	negative
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	negative
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	negative
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	positive
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	positive
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	positive
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	negative
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	negative
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .	positive
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	negative
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .	negative
it 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	positive
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	negative
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .	negative
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .	negative
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	positive
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	positive
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	negative
visually striking and viscerally repellent .	positive
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	negative
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .	negative
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose .	negative
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	positive
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	negative
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	positive
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .	positive
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .	positive
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	positive
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	negative
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .	negative
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	positive
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	negative
  a   rather thinly-conceived movie .	negative
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	positive
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	positive
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	negative
stress ` dumb . '	negative
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production .	positive
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain .	negative
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	positive
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	positive
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	positive
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	negative
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	positive
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	negative
more trifle than triumph .	negative
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	positive
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .	negative
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	negative
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .	negative
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother .	positive
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	positive
under-rehearsed and lifeless	negative
  dong   makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .	positive
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	negative
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	positive
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	negative
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	positive
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	negative
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	positive
predictably soulless techno-tripe .	negative
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''	negative
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .	negative
yes .	positive
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	positive
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	negative
it 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	negative
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	negative
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	positive
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	positive
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	positive
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	positive
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	positive
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	positive
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .	negative
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	negative
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	negative
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	positive
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	positive
this story still seems timely and important .	positive
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	positive
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .	negative
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	negative
he drags it back , single-handed .	positive
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	negative
generic thriller junk .	negative
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	positive
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .	negative
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	positive
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	positive
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	negative
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an   emotionally at least   adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	negative
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	negative
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .	positive
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .	positive
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .	negative
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	negative
stale and clichéd to a fault .	negative
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	negative
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	positive
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	positive
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	positive
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	negative
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	positive
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .	positive
gives everyone something to shout about .	positive
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	negative
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	positive
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''	negative
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	negative
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	negative
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	positive
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	negative
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	positive
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten	negative
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	negative
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	positive
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	positive
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	positive
we get the comedy we settle for .	negative
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .	positive
this is not a jackie chan movie .	negative
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	positive
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	negative
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	positive
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	positive
adaptation is simply brilliant .	positive
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	positive
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	positive
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .	negative
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .	positive
all in all , a great party .	positive
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	positive
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	positive
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	negative
a quiet , disquieting triumph .	positive
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	positive
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	negative
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	positive
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .	positive
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .	positive
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	negative
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	positive
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	negative
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	negative
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	positive
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	positive
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	positive
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	positive
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	positive
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	negative
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	negative
shrewd but pointless .	negative
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	negative
absolutely not .	negative
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	positive
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .	positive
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	negative
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	negative
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	negative
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	negative
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	negative
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	positive
merely   and literally   tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	negative
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	positive
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .	positive
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	positive
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	positive
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .	positive
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	positive
a muted freak-out	negative
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .	negative
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .	negative
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	positive
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	positive
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .	negative
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	positive
directing with a sure and measured hand ,   haneke   steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	positive
resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .	negative
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	negative
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	positive
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	positive
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	negative
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	positive
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	positive
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .	positive
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	positive
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	negative
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	negative
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	positive
enticing and often funny documentary .	positive
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	positive
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	negative
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	negative
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark   dark green , to be exact   , sour , bloody and mean .	negative
  n   o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	negative
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	negative
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	positive
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	negative
serious and thoughtful .	positive
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	negative
incoherence reigns .	negative
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	negative
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	positive
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	negative
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	negative
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	negative
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	positive
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .	negative
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	negative
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	negative
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .	positive
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .	positive
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .	negative
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .	positive
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	positive
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	positive
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's   and its makers '   credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	positive
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	positive
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .	positive
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	positive
``   hopkins   does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .	negative
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	positive
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	negative
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .	negative
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	positive
sorvino is delightful in the central role .	positive
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	positive
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	positive
  scherfig   has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .	positive
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .	positive
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	positive
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .	negative
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...	negative
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	negative
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	negative
using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	positive
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .	negative
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	positive
  hell is   looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	negative
his work with actors is particularly impressive .	positive
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	positive
taken outside the context of the current political climate   see : terrorists are more evil than ever !  	negative
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .	positive
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	negative
  green is   the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	negative
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	positive
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	positive
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	positive
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	positive
  janey   forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	negative
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	positive
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .	positive
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .	negative
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .	positive
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	negative
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	positive
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	positive
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light   yet unsentimental   touch .	positive
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	positive
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face .	negative
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	negative
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	positive
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	negative
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	positive
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .	negative
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	negative
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	negative
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	positive
amazingly dopey .	positive
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	negative
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	positive
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .	negative
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .	negative
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	negative
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	negative
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	positive
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	negative
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	positive
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .	positive
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .	positive
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	positive
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	positive
a doa dud from frame one .	negative
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	positive
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .	negative
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	negative
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	negative
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	negative
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	positive
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '	negative
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	positive
cusack 's just brilliant in this .	positive
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .	positive
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow .	positive
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	positive
  jackson and bledel   seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	negative
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	positive
imagine   if possible   a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .	negative
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey	positive
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	positive
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	positive
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	positive
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	negative
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	negative
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .	positive
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	positive
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	positive
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	positive
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	negative
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	positive
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	positive
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .	positive
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?	negative
the comedy is nonexistent .	negative
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .	positive
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .	negative
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .	negative
the actors are fantastic .	positive
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	negative
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	positive
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	negative
cho 's timing is priceless .	positive
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .	negative
... a confusing drudgery .	negative
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films	positive
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	negative
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	negative
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	negative
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .	positive
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	negative
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	positive
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .	positive
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	negative
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .	negative
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .	negative
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .	positive
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	positive
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs   including a knockout of a closing line   , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	negative
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	positive
i do n't think so .	negative
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !	negative
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .	negative
one of the worst movies of the year .	negative
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	negative
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	positive
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	positive
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	negative
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	positive
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	positive
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	positive
exciting documentary .	positive
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	positive
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .	negative
painfully padded .	negative
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	negative
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .	positive
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley .	positive
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .	negative
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	positive
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .	negative
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	positive
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	negative
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .	negative
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	positive
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	negative
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	positive
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	negative
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	positive
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	negative
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	positive
it still feels like a prison stretch .	negative
we do n't even like their characters .	negative
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	positive
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum	positive
there 's plenty to impress about e.t.	positive
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	negative
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	negative
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	negative
a quaint , romanticized rendering .	positive
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	negative
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	positive
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	negative
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .	positive
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	positive
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	positive
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart .	positive
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	positive
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .	negative
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	positive
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	negative
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	negative
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	positive
  shyamalan   turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	positive
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	positive
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	positive
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	positive
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids   of all ages   that like adventure .	positive
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	negative
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	positive
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	negative
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	negative
` christian bale 's quinn   is   a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	negative
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	positive
frank capra played this story straight .	positive
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	negative
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .	negative
for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	negative
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .	positive
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	negative
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .	positive
star\/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	positive
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek   as well as a serious debt to the road warrior   , but it feels like unrealized potential	positive
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .	negative
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	negative
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	positive
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	positive
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	negative
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	positive
a classy , sprightly spin on film .	positive
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	negative
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	positive
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	negative
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	positive
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	positive
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	negative
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	negative
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .	negative
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	negative
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	positive
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	negative
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .	positive
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	negative
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	negative
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	positive
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	negative
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .	negative
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	positive
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	negative
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .	positive
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire .	negative
as saccharine as it is disposable .	negative
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	positive
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .	negative
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	negative
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	positive
do we really need the tiger beat version ?	negative
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .	negative
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	positive
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	positive
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	positive
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	negative
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	negative
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	positive
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .	negative
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	negative
an excellent sequel .	positive
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .	positive
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .	negative
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	negative
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .	negative
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	positive
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	positive
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .	negative
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	negative
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	negative
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	positive
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	negative
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades	negative
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	negative
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	negative
... wise and elegiac ...	positive
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .	negative
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .	positive
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen .	negative
works as pretty contagious fun .	positive
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	negative
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	negative
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .	positive
dense , exhilarating documentary .	positive
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	negative
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .	negative
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	negative
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	negative
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	negative
  it 's   a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	positive
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	positive
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .	positive
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	negative
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .	negative
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	positive
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	negative
and yet , it still works .	positive
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	negative
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	positive
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	negative
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .	positive
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	positive
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	negative
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	positive
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	negative
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	positive
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	negative
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	negative
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	negative
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .	negative
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .	positive
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	positive
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . '	negative
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	positive
no , even that 's too committed .	negative
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians .	positive
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship .	positive
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	positive
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '	negative
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	negative
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	positive
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	positive
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	negative
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	positive
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .	positive
may puzzle his most ardent fans .	negative
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	positive
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .	positive
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . '	positive
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	positive
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	positive
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	positive
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	negative
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	negative
it 's a very valuable film ...	positive
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea   or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really   in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '	negative
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	positive
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	positive
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '	negative
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .	negative
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .	positive
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	negative
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .	positive
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	positive
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	positive
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	positive
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	negative
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	negative
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .	negative
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . '	positive
-- but certainly hard to hate .	positive
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	positive
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	positive
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	negative
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	negative
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	positive
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	negative
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	positive
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	positive
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	positive
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	positive
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .	negative
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	negative
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	positive
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's   unintentionally   funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .	negative
maryam is more timely now than ever .	positive
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .	positive
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	positive
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	negative
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .	positive
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	positive
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	negative
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	negative
it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .	negative
the movie is a dud .	negative
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	positive
grating and tedious .	negative
its sheer dynamism is infectious .	positive
a witty , whimsical feature debut .	positive
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	negative
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	negative
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	negative
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	negative
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	positive
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	negative
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .	negative
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	negative
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	negative
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	negative
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	negative
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	negative
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	negative
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	negative
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	positive
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	positive
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	positive
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .	positive
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	negative
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .	positive
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .	negative
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	negative
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	positive
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	negative
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	positive
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	positive
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	negative
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	negative
writer\/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	positive
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	positive
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .	positive
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .	negative
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	positive
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	positive
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .	negative
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	negative
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .	negative
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	negative
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	positive
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	negative
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	positive
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .	negative
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	negative
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	negative
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	positive
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	positive
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it .	negative
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	positive
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	positive
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	negative
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	negative
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	negative
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	negative
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	positive
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .	negative
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	positive
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .	negative
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	negative
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	positive
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	positive
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	negative
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	positive
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	positive
as a film director , labute continues to improve .	positive
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	positive
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	negative
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	negative
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	positive
narc is all menace and atmosphere .	negative
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	positive
neatly constructed thriller .	positive
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision .	positive
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	positive
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	negative
this is n't a new idea .	negative
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	positive
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .	negative
a high-minded snoozer .	negative
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	negative
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .	negative
  l   ame and unnecessary .	negative
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	positive
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	negative
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .	negative
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	positive
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	positive
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	positive
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	negative
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	positive
bad movie .	negative
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	negative
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	negative
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .	positive
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	positive
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	negative
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .	positive
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary .	negative
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .	negative
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	positive
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	negative
a predictable , manipulative stinker .	negative
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	negative
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	negative
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	negative
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	positive
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	negative
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter .	negative
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .	positive
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	negative
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	positive
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '	positive
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .	positive
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .	positive
the film has several strong performances .	positive
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .	negative
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...	positive
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	positive
no thanks .	negative
  the kid 's   just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	negative
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	negative
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	negative
  allen   manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	positive
  a   devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .	positive
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	positive
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	positive
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	positive
nothing but an episode of smackdown !	negative
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	negative
a major waste ... generic .	negative
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	positive
a big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .	positive
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	negative
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	negative
light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .	positive
black-and-white and unrealistic .	negative
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	negative
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .	negative
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	negative
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	positive
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	negative
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	positive
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	negative
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	negative
is it a comedy ?	negative
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	positive
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	positive
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	positive
another best of the year selection .	positive
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	negative
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .	positive
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	negative
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	negative
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	negative
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	negative
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	positive
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	positive
unwieldy contraption .	negative
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .	negative
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	negative
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .	positive
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .	negative
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	negative
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	positive
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	positive
it 's that painful .	negative
surprisingly powerful and universal .	positive
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .	positive
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .	positive
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	positive
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	negative
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	positive
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	negative
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	negative
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	positive
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	negative
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	negative
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .	positive
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	positive
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	positive
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	negative
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	positive
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	positive
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .	negative
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	negative
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .	negative
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	positive
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	positive
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	negative
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .	negative
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .	negative
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .	positive
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	positive
the performances are remarkable .	positive
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	positive
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	positive
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	negative
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	negative
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	positive
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	negative
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	negative
  a   poorly executed comedy .	negative
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	positive
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	positive
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	negative
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	negative
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	negative
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	positive
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...	negative
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	positive
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .	negative
  stephen   earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	positive
darkly funny and frequently insightful .	positive
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	negative
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .	positive
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint .	positive
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	negative
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	negative
a film of quiet power .	positive
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	positive
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .	positive
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	negative
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness   the way chekhov is funny   , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	positive
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different   and better   than most films with this theme .	positive
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	negative
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	negative
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	negative
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	negative
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	negative
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .	negative
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .	positive
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	negative
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	negative
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .	positive
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	negative
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	positive
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	negative
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	negative
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	positive
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	positive
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	negative
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in   this   meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	negative
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	negative
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	positive
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .	positive
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre	positive
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	negative
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	negative
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	positive
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .	positive
a tasty masala .	positive
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	positive
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .	negative
exciting and well-paced .	positive
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	positive
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	negative
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	negative
bring on the sequel .	positive
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	positive
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene .	negative
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .	positive
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	negative
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	positive
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	positive
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	positive
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	negative
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .	positive
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	negative
vulgar is too optimistic a title .	negative
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	positive
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	negative
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	positive
hey , happy !	positive
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	negative
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .	negative
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	negative
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	negative
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	positive
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	negative
you 'll probably love it .	positive
feels less like a change in   herzog 's   personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	negative
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	positive
a very charming and funny movie .	positive
and that is where ararat went astray .	negative
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	negative
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	negative
david spade as citizen kane ?	negative
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	positive
many a parent and their teen   or preteen   kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .	positive
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	negative
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	positive
the movie is well done , but slow .	negative
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	positive
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .	positive
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	negative
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	negative
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what   evans   had , lost , and got back .	positive
family fare .	positive
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .	negative
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .	negative
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	positive
feeble comedy .	negative
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	positive
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	positive
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	negative
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .	positive
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	negative
a small gem from belgium .	positive
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	negative
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .	positive
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .	positive
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .	positive
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .	negative
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...	positive
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	positive
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	positive
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	negative
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist   not to mention gently political   meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	positive
the movie is a mess from start to finish .	negative
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .	negative
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x.	positive
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .	positive
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .	negative
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	negative
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	positive
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	positive
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	positive
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	negative
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .	positive
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling   murder by numbers   delivers a magnetic performance .	positive
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	positive
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	positive
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	negative
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	negative
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	negative
poetic , heartbreaking .	positive
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .	negative
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	positive
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	negative
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .	positive
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	positive
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	negative
a listless and desultory affair .	negative
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	positive
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	positive
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	positive
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	positive
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	negative
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !	positive
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	negative
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	positive
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	negative
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	negative
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	positive
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .	negative
highly engaging .	positive
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	positive
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	negative
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	positive
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	positive
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	negative
the best film of the year 2002 .	positive
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	positive
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	negative
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	positive
i like it .	positive
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it .	negative
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	positive
kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	negative
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .	negative
a true-blue delight .	positive
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	positive
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .	negative
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	positive
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ?	positive
that , in itself , is extraordinary .	positive
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	negative
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	negative
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	negative
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	positive
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	negative
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	positive
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	positive
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	positive
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	negative
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	positive
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	positive
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	positive
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	positive
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	negative
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	negative
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .	positive
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	negative
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .	positive
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .	negative
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	positive
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	negative
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .	negative
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	negative
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen   vega   and juni   sabara   cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	positive
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	negative
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	negative
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? ''	negative
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .	negative
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	negative
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	negative
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	positive
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	positive
nothing about them is attractive .	negative
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	positive
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	negative
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	positive
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .	positive
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen .	positive
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	positive
a meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . ''	positive
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .	positive
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .	positive
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	positive
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	negative
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	negative
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	positive
just bring on the battle bots , please !	positive
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . ''	negative
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	positive
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	positive
the characters never change .	negative
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .	negative
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail .	positive
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	negative
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	positive
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	positive
good-naturedly cornball sequel .	positive
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	negative
what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	positive
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	negative
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	positive
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .	negative
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	positive
in fact , even better .	positive
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	negative
it 's funny .	positive
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	positive
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .	negative
  denis '   bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	negative
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	positive
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	negative
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .	negative
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	negative
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .	positive
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	negative
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	positive
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	positive
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .	positive
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...	negative
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	negative
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .	negative
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	positive
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	negative
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league .	negative
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	positive
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	negative
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .	negative
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	negative
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	positive
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	positive
too predictably , in fact .	negative
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	negative
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	positive
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .	positive
bring tissues .	positive
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	positive
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	positive
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .	negative
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .	negative
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	positive
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	positive
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	positive
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	negative
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	negative
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	negative
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .	negative
pray has really done his subject justice .	positive
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans   but by no means all   will have fun with .	positive
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	negative
secretary is just too original to be ignored .	positive
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	negative
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	positive
there is truth here	positive
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	negative
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	negative
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	positive
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	negative
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	positive
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .	positive
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	negative
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	positive
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	positive
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop .	positive
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	positive
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	positive
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	negative
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	positive
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	negative
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .	positive
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	negative
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .	negative
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .	positive
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	positive
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	negative
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	positive
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	positive
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	negative
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	negative
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .	positive
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	positive
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	positive
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	negative
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	positive
the heat of the moment prevails .	positive
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	negative
their work is fantastic .	positive
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	negative
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage .	negative
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	negative
fluffy and disposible .	negative
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .	negative
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .	positive
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	positive
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	positive
that 's its first sign of trouble .	negative
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .	positive
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	negative
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	positive
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	negative
make like the title and dodge this one .	negative
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	positive
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	negative
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and   director phillip   noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	positive
extraordinary debut from josh koury .	positive
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	negative
simone is not a bad film .	positive
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	negative
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	positive
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	negative
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .	positive
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .	positive
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	positive
both lead performances are oscar-size .	positive
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	negative
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .	negative
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	negative
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	negative
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	positive
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .	positive
well-made but mush-hearted .	positive
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .	positive
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	negative
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	negative
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	positive
it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have   and probably should have   been a lighthearted comedy .	negative
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	negative
a cockeyed shot all the way .	negative
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	positive
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .	negative
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .	negative
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	negative
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .	positive
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	positive
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	negative
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	negative
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	negative
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	negative
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .	positive
... quite endearing .	positive
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .	positive
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .	negative
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	negative
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	negative
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	negative
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .	positive
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	positive
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .	positive
if you go , pack your knitting needles .	negative
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	negative
it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	positive
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	negative
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	positive
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	negative
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .	positive
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	negative
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	negative
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	negative
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .	positive
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	positive
brave and sweetly rendered love story .	positive
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	negative
see it .	positive
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	negative
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	negative
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .	negative
catch it ... if you can !	positive
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	negative
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	positive
feral and uncomfortable .	negative
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	positive
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .	negative
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	positive
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	negative
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	positive
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .	positive
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	positive
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	positive
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .	negative
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .	positive
and for many of us , that 's good enough .	positive
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	positive
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	positive
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .	negative
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	positive
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	positive
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''	negative
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	positive
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	negative
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	positive
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .	positive
certainly the performances are worthwhile .	positive
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	positive
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	positive
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	negative
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	positive
those who do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	positive
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	positive
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	negative
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	negative
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	negative
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	negative
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .	positive
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''	negative
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .	positive
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	positive
it does n't work as either .	negative
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	negative
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	positive
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .	positive
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .	positive
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	positive
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	positive
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	positive
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .	negative
it 's that good .	positive
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	negative
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	positive
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	negative
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	positive
big mistake .	negative
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	positive
a film that will enthrall the whole family .	positive
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	negative
low rent from frame one .	negative
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	positive
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .	positive
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	positive
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	negative
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	positive
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	negative
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	positive
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .	positive
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	negative
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .	positive
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	negative
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	positive
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .	positive
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .	positive
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	positive
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	negative
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	negative
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	negative
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting   and funnier   than his .	negative
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .	positive
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	negative
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .	positive
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	negative
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	negative
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	positive
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	negative
you live the mood rather than savour the story .	positive
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	negative
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	negative
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	negative
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	negative
get out your pooper-scoopers .	negative
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .	negative
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .	positive
just dreadful .	negative
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	positive
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	negative
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .	positive
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	positive
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	positive
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	positive
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	negative
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .	positive
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	positive
leaks treacle from every pore .	negative
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .	positive
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .	positive
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling   murder by numbers   , the movie is powerful and provocative .	positive
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	positive
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .	positive
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .	positive
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .	negative
the worst film of the year .	negative
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .	positive
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .	negative
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	negative
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	positive
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	positive
sexy and romantic .	positive
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .	positive
poetry in motion captured on film .	positive
exhilarating but blatantly biased .	positive
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	positive
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	negative
  carvey 's   characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	negative
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	positive
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	positive
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	negative
disgusting .	negative
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .	positive
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	negative
i did n't laugh .	negative
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	positive
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	negative
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	positive
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of   godard 's   vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	negative
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	negative
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	positive
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .	negative
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	positive
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	positive
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	positive
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	positive
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .	negative
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching   or turntablism   in particular .	positive
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	positive
the all-french cast is marveilleux .	positive
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	positive
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .	negative
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	positive
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	negative
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	positive
never comes together as a coherent whole .	negative
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	positive
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	positive
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	negative
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .	positive
it 's worth taking the kids to .	positive
and educational !	positive
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .	positive
pipe dream does have its charms .	positive
a ragbag of cliches .	negative
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	negative
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .	positive
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	negative
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	positive
troubling and powerful .	positive
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	negative
what 's next ?	positive
even the digressions are funny .	positive
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	positive
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	positive
a sentimental mess that never rings true .	negative
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	positive
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .	negative
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	negative
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	negative
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	positive
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también .	positive
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	negative
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? ''	negative
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	negative
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	negative
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	positive
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .	positive
this thing is virtually unwatchable .	negative
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .	positive
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	positive
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	positive
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .	positive
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	positive
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .	positive
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	positive
into how long is this movie ?	negative
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .	negative
highly watchable stuff .	positive
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	positive
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .	positive
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .	negative
the chocolate factory without charlie .	negative
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want .	positive
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	positive
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	positive
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' .	negative
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .	positive
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	negative
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	negative
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	positive
delirious fun .	positive
he fails .	negative
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	negative
  the film   tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	positive
both deserve better .	negative
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess .	positive
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	negative
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	negative
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	positive
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	positive
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	positive
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer .	negative
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	positive
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	positive
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	negative
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	positive
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .	positive
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .	positive
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .	negative
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	positive
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	positive
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	positive
a thriller without a lot of thrills .	negative
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	positive
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	positive
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	negative
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	negative
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	positive
bravado kathy !	positive
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	negative
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .	negative
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	positive
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	negative
the charming result is festival in cannes .	positive
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	negative
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	negative
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	negative
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality	positive
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .	positive
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	negative
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	negative
except it 's much , much better .	positive
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	positive
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	negative
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	positive
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .	positive
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .	negative
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	negative
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .	negative
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	positive
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	negative
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .	negative
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	positive
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .	negative
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .	positive
insanely hilarious !	positive
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	negative
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	positive
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	positive
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	positive
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	positive
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	negative
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	positive
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	negative
the film has   its   moments , but they are few and far between .	negative
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	negative
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	positive
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	positive
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	positive
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	negative
  a   strong piece of work .	positive
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .	positive
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	positive
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .	negative
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	negative
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	positive
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .	positive
welles groupie\/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	positive
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?	positive
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition	negative
  grant   goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .	positive
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	positive
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	positive
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	negative
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	positive
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	positive
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest .	negative
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .	positive
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	negative
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	positive
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .	positive
  lin chung 's   voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating   at least to this western ear   , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	negative
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	positive
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .	positive
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	positive
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .	positive
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	negative
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	positive
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .	negative
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?	negative
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	negative
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	positive
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block .	negative
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .	negative
the results are far more alienating than involving .	negative
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	negative
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	negative
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	positive
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	negative
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	positive
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	positive
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	positive
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	negative
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .	negative
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	negative
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	negative
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	negative
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .	positive
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	negative
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	positive
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	positive
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	negative
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	negative
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	positive
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .	negative
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .	negative
too bad none of it is funny .	negative
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .	positive
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots   or cinema seats   .	negative
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	positive
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .	negative
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	negative
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	positive
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	negative
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	negative
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	negative
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '	positive
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper   and better   than pink floyd tickets .	positive
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .	negative
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .	positive
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	positive
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	negative
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	positive
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	negative
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	positive
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	positive
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !	negative
so could young romantics out on a date .	positive
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	positive
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	positive
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	positive
the piano teacher is not an easy film .	negative
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	positive
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	positive
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	positive
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	positive
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	negative
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	negative
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	positive
