. . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time .	positive
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	negative
the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	negative
jacquot's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	positive
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man's greatness .	positive
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality	positive
star wars is back in a major way .	positive
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	positive
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	positive
the production values are up there . the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick . the voices are fine as well . the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .	negative
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	negative
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	positive
although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .	negative
""" frailty "" has been written so well , that even a simple "" goddammit ! "" near the end takes on a whole other meaning ."	positive
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .	negative
a vivid cinematic portrait .	positive
"evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's "" house of games "" and last fall's "" heist "" so much fun ."	positive
can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .	negative
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .	positive
rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical .	negative
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	positive
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	negative
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .	positive
. . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .	negative
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .	negative
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .	positive
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	positive
best described as i know what you did last winter .	negative
true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	negative
as vulgar as it is banal .	negative
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	positive
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what's left of his passe' chopsocky glory .	negative
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	positive
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .	negative
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .	positive
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	negative
graas s interaes entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se no apenas uma histria divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguio , mas tambm um belo estudo de personagens .	positive
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .	negative
now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .	negative
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out	positive
it's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	positive
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .	negative
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	positive
the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .	negative
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	negative
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .	negative
once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale .	positive
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	negative
third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby !	positive
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	negative
schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression .	negative
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .	negative
there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	negative
""" home movie "" is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book ."	positive
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	negative
if looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , don't settle for this imposter .	negative
it's not too fast and not too slow . it's not too racy and it's not too offensive . it's not too much of anything .	negative
for all its alleged youthful fire , xxx is no less subservient to bond's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .	negative
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be .	positive
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing .	negative
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .	positive
[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	positive
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	positive
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	negative
son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .	positive
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	positive
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .	positive
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	negative
diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	negative
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	positive
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story .	negative
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .	positive
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	positive
mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .	positive
intimate and panoramic .	positive
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .	negative
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain .	positive
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	positive
. . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit .	negative
i can't quite recommend it -- it's too patched together -- but i almost can ; it's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .	negative
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .	positive
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	positive
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .	negative
an often unfunny romp .	negative
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .	negative
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	negative
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	positive
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	positive
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .	negative
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	negative
the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	positive
some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .	positive
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	negative
extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it .	negative
the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .	negative
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .	negative
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	positive
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	negative
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .	positive
without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed .	positive
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .	negative
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley's film lacks balance . . . and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	negative
hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .	negative
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .	positive
a funny film .	positive
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .	negative
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .	negative
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	positive
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .	negative
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	positive
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .	positive
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious .	negative
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in america in 2002 . but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .	negative
high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .	positive
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip .	positive
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .	positive
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ?	negative
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	positive
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . .	positive
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	negative
outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken	negative
a marvel like none you've seen .	positive
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .	positive
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds .	negative
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .	negative
though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	positive
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amlie .	positive
essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty .	negative
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough .	positive
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	positive
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .	negative
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	positive
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second .	negative
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	positive
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	positive
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	positive
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	positive
there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	negative
it's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly .	negative
while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby's main overall flaw .	negative
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point .	negative
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	positive
the most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about world traveler , which opens today in manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .	negative
for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .	positive
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .	positive
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	negative
this is amusing for about three minutes .	negative
a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .	negative
the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians .	positive
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	positive
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .	negative
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	negative
i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me .	negative
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	positive
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . .	positive
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .	negative
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .	positive
it's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	positive
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .	positive
technically and artistically inept .	negative
imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas !	positive
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	negative
classic cinema served up with heart and humor	positive
it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .	positive
i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .	negative
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	negative
it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .	negative
disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .	positive
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	negative
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	negative
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .	negative
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .	negative
there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible .	positive
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	positive
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity .	positive
you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .	positive
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	negative
an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .	positive
a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan .	negative
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	positive
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	positive
a weird and wonderful comedy .	positive
a ragbag of cliches .	negative
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	positive
. . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	negative
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	negative
"never does "" lilo & stitch "" reach the emotion or timelessness of disney's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as "" mulan "" or "" tarzan . """	negative
broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case .	positive
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	negative
its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .	positive
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	negative
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding !	positive
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .	positive
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .	negative
'abandon all hope , ye who enter here' . . . you should definitely let dante's gloomy words be your guide .	negative
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .	positive
it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	positive
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	positive
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters	negative
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative .	negative
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .	positive
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .	negative
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	positive
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . this isn't my favorite in the series , still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .	positive
there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok .	positive
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .	positive
"woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the "" saving private ryan "" battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?"	negative
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	positive
the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '	negative
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	positive
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .	positive
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	negative
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	positive
the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .	negative
anyway , for one reason or another , crush turns into a dire drama partway through . after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin . too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it's not a total loss .	negative
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .	positive
an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work .	negative
"as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel "" the death of napoleon "" and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn"	positive
'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo mstico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensacin de inconformidad que hace pensar ms de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '	negative
an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . .	negative
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	negative
""" antwone fisher "" is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking ."	positive
' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '	positive
like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	negative
one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album .	negative
"it may not be "" last tango in paris "" but . . ."	positive
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much .	negative
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	positive
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	negative
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it .	negative
when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .	negative
it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) .	negative
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .	positive
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	negative
spiderman rocks	positive
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera . . .	positive
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	negative
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .	negative
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .	positive
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .	negative
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due .	positive
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	negative
. . . silly humbuggery . . .	negative
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .	positive
a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	negative
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .	negative
. . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	positive
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .	positive
. . . will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . after seeing the film , i can tell you that there's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	negative
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	negative
you won't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .	positive
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	positive
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .	positive
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash .	negative
. . . think of it as american pie on valium .	negative
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	positive
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	negative
genuinely unnerving .	positive
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were .	negative
should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such .	negative
for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable .	negative
a fun family movie that's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , 'it's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	positive
candid camera on methamphetamines .	positive
sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .	negative
denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	positive
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	positive
leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	positive
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .	positive
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .	negative
if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .	positive
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .	positive
though it draws several decent laughs , it's low-cal woody at best .	negative
it's splash without the jokes .	negative
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all .	positive
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	positive
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '	negative
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	positive
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .	positive
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	negative
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid	negative
most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	positive
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	negative
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .	positive
its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .	negative
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .	positive
what an embarrassment .	negative
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .	negative
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	negative
elegant , mannered and teasing .	positive
it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .	positive
if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time .	positive
the pool drowned me in boredom .	negative
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	positive
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .	negative
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .	negative
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .	negative
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .	negative
it's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .	negative
often silly and gross but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	negative
ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet !	positive
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	negative
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	negative
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	positive
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	negative
a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .	positive
there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel .	negative
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	positive
a tasty masala .	positive
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	positive
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	negative
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii	positive
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal .	positive
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	negative
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	negative
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .	negative
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .	negative
it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .	negative
it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .	positive
in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context .	negative
if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick .	negative
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy .	positive
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted needn't waste their time on it .	negative
shallow .	negative
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .	positive
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	positive
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	positive
""" the best disney movie since the lion king """	positive
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist .	positive
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed .	positive
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	positive
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	negative
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool's gold .	negative
feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .	negative
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	negative
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	negative
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand .	positive
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	negative
shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .	negative
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that .	negative
apart from dazzling cinematography , we've seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other .	negative
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . mr . koshashvili is a director to watch .	positive
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .	negative
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with .	positive
elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .	positive
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma .	positive
never inspires more than an interested detachment .	negative
exciting documentary .	positive
as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .	negative
a lifetime movie about men .	negative
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .	negative
"the best part about "" gangs "" was daniel day-lewis ."	positive
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .	negative
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '	negative
it appears as if even the filmmakers didn't know what kind of movie they were making .	negative
"debut effort by "" project greenlight "" winner is sappy and amateurish ."	negative
gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it .	negative
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	positive
feeble comedy .	negative
john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider .	negative
like mike is a harmlessly nave slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season .	positive
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do .	negative
there are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .	positive
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece .	positive
a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	positive
haneke's script ( from elfriede jelinek's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	negative
these characters become wearisome .	negative
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	positive
this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .	positive
"shouldn't have been allowed to use the word "" new "" in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie ."	negative
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . .	positive
all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	negative
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .	positive
this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' .	negative
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .	negative
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	positive
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .	positive
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs .	negative
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	positive
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off .	positive
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	negative
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .	negative
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .	negative
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	negative
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	positive
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential	positive
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	positive
this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	positive
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	negative
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .	positive
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	negative
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct .	negative
ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous .	negative
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .	positive
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	negative
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .	positive
graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .	positive
complex , affecting and uniquely almodvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .	positive
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .	negative
without heavy-handedness , dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .	positive
as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs .	negative
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	positive
it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	positive
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	negative
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is .	positive
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .	negative
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .	positive
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	positive
the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven .	negative
it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .	positive
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .	positive
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .	negative
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .	positive
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .	positive
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .	positive
. . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .	positive
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .	positive
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises	negative
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	negative
it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .	negative
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	positive
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .	negative
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .	positive
it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	positive
its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda .	negative
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .	negative
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	positive
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	negative
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	negative
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .	positive
"some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since "" saving private ryan "" have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war ."	positive
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	negative
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	positive
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	positive
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	negative
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	positive
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	positive
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	negative
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .	positive
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	negative
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	negative
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	negative
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story .	negative
an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	positive
opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between .	negative
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .	negative
she may not be real , but the laughs are .	positive
it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	negative
a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career .	positive
marinated in clichs and mawkish dialogue .	negative
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	negative
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	negative
if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .	positive
the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun .	positive
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	positive
what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients .	negative
another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie .	negative
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	negative
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .	positive
family fare .	positive
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .	positive
it is scott's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	positive
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .	negative
one of the year's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	positive
i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	negative
shiner can certainly go the distance , but isn't world championship material	positive
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	negative
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	positive
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	positive
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .	positive
ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .	positive
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki est realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algn tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quin sabe dnde lo tiene escondido . '	negative
the performances take the movie to a higher level .	positive
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	positive
gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script .	positive
. . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . .	positive
abysmally pathetic	negative
everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .	negative
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	negative
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	negative
unlike trey parker , sandler doesn't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	negative
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .	negative
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	positive
""" looking for leonard "" just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something ."	negative
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .	positive
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .	positive
it doesn't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . it still feels like a prison stretch .	negative
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	negative
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	positive
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	positive
[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .	positive
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .	negative
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where whitaker's misfit artist is concerned .	negative
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	negative
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes .	positive
""" frailty "" offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater ."	positive
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .	negative
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	negative
even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .	positive
i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived .	negative
it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .	positive
it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .	negative
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .	negative
when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks .	negative
a pretentious mess .	negative
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	positive
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	negative
the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video .	negative
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .	positive
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic .	negative
. . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age .	positive
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	positive
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	positive
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .	positive
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	negative
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .	negative
a slick , engrossing melodrama .	positive
led by griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .	positive
make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess .	negative
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	positive
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	negative
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	positive
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . .	positive
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .	positive
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .	positive
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .	positive
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .	negative
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	positive
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different .	negative
as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut .	positive
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen .	negative
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	positive
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .	negative
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing .	positive
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	negative
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me .	negative
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	negative
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	negative
it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism .	negative
frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .	positive
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best .	positive
the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end .	negative
. . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .	negative
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	negative
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better .	negative
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .	negative
it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .	positive
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	positive
painfully padded .	negative
for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .	positive
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides .	positive
allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duracin	positive
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .	positive
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	positive
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better .	negative
[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie .	negative
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes .	negative
this thing is just garbage .	negative
"has none of the crackle of "" fatal attraction "" , "" 9  weeks "" , or even "" indecent proposal "" , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of "" lolita "" ."	negative
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither .	negative
though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .	positive
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .	negative
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique .	positive
one of the most original american productions this year , you'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	positive
i couldn't recommend this film more .	positive
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	positive
dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .	negative
vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .	negative
if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .	negative
too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .	negative
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	positive
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '	negative
the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	negative
the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) .	positive
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	positive
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	positive
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	negative
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	negative
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	negative
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	negative
if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .	negative
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	positive
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	positive
lejos del paraso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y odos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios .	positive
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .	positive
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	negative
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	positive
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .	positive
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .	positive
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .	positive
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	negative
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	negative
poetic , heartbreaking .	positive
often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .	positive
. . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .	negative
doesn't really add up to much .	negative
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .	negative
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .	negative
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings .	positive
[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .	positive
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . .	negative
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .	positive
'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrn de orqudeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '	positive
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	positive
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .	negative
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	negative
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .	positive
a hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations .	negative
"secretary "" is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen ."	positive
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .	positive
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .	negative
by-the-numbers yarn .	negative
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	negative
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	positive
we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold .	negative
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	positive
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	positive
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .	positive
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	negative
here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .	negative
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	positive
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	positive
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america's winter movie screens it's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .	positive
perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen .	positive
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .	negative
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .	positive
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	positive
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .	negative
. . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .	positive
an effectively creepy , fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .	positive
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	positive
the drama discloses almost nothing .	negative
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	positive
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?	negative
[a] poorly executed comedy .	negative
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .	negative
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	positive
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '	positive
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .	positive
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .	negative
well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) .	negative
finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	negative
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .	negative
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .	negative
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	negative
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .	positive
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .	negative
if this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called beta alpha delta .	negative
diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan .	negative
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	positive
at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .	negative
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	negative
there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .	negative
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same !	negative
you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .	negative
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	positive
although . . . visually striking and slickly staged , it's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	negative
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	negative
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	negative
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple .	positive
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .	positive
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	negative
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	positive
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	positive
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .	negative
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	positive
you're better off staying home and watching the x-files .	negative
a good thriller .	positive
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	positive
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .	positive
show me the mugging .	negative
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .	positive
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .	negative
unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .	negative
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	negative
a era do gelo diverte , mas no convence .  um passatempo descompromissado  e s .	negative
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .	negative
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .	positive
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	negative
the film's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . it's just filler .	negative
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .	negative
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire .	positive
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	positive
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .	positive
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes .	negative
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	positive
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	negative
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	negative
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	positive
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	positive
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad .	positive
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .	negative
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	negative
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .	positive
sparse but oddly compelling .	positive
an uplifting , largely bogus story .	negative
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	positive
this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	negative
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	negative
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .	negative
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	negative
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	positive
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .	positive
majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .	positive
a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .	positive
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .	positive
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	positive
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	positive
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichs .	negative
a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .	positive
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching .	positive
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .	negative
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .	negative
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .	positive
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	negative
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .	positive
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .	negative
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	negative
the cast . . . keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	positive
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	positive
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	negative
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .	positive
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate . i admit it , i hate to like it .	negative
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	positive
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .	negative
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	positive
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	negative
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	positive
this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .	positive
feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life .	positive
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr . holland's class for the music , or to robin williams's lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .	negative
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	negative
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	positive
it's stylishly directed with verve . . .	positive
"you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see "" simone , "" and consider a dvd rental instead ."	positive
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't .	negative
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .	negative
in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	positive
the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well .	positive
a true-blue delight .	positive
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one .	positive
"when the first few villians are introduced as "" spider "" and "" snake "" you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak ."	negative
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	positive
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	positive
directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	positive
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .	positive
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .	positive
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	positive
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .	positive
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances .	negative
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .	positive
like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	negative
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman's warmest .	positive
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .	positive
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	negative
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail .	positive
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .	positive
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .	positive
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card .	positive
great story , bad idea for a movie .	negative
uneven but a lot of fun .	positive
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .	positive
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	negative
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .	positive
visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .	positive
falls short in explaining the music and its roots .	negative
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .	positive
. . . quite endearing .	positive
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	positive
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	positive
it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem .	negative
renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .	positive
robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows .	positive
some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have .	positive
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .	negative
ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	positive
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around .	negative
it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's .	positive
it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy !	negative
i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	positive
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	negative
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	positive
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	negative
an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy	positive
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .	negative
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	negative
darkly funny and frequently insightful .	positive
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	positive
you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	negative
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .	negative
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '	negative
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	positive
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .	positive
a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	positive
at its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .	positive
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .	negative
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	positive
once you get into its rhythm . . . the movie becomes a heady experience .	positive
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	negative
but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity .	positive
not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .	negative
""" the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store """	negative
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .	negative
if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent .	negative
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	negative
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .	negative
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	positive
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	positive
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	positive
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	negative
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	positive
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	positive
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .	negative
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .	negative
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .	positive
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america .	negative
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight !	negative
as conceived by mr . schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .	negative
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	negative
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	negative
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .	negative
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	positive
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	positive
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review .	negative
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	positive
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	negative
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	negative
a timid , soggy near miss .	negative
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .	positive
if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe .	positive
"do you say "" hi "" to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?"	negative
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .	negative
the new film of anton chekhov's the cherry orchard puts the 'ick' in 'classic . '	negative
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	negative
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad .	positive
". . . instead go rent "" shakes the clown "" , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance ."	negative
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we've seen and all you have left are john leguizamo's cool jackets .	negative
my goodness , queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . she must have a very strong back .	positive
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	positive
this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters .	positive
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .	negative
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	negative
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	positive
"whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the "" soon-to-be-forgettable "" section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars"	negative
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify .	negative
it's not life-affirming  its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .	positive
this remake of lina wertmuller's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .	negative
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful .	negative
"the setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of "" intacto's "" dangerous and seductively stylish game ."	positive
entertains by providing good , lively company .	positive
been there done that .	negative
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .	positive
a weird , arresting little ride .	positive
douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .	positive
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	positive
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .	negative
i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	negative
a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship .	positive
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .	negative
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .	negative
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york .	negative
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .	positive
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .	positive
while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .	negative
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .	negative
. . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	negative
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	negative
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .	negative
ihops don't pile on this much syrup .	negative
despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .	negative
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	negative
simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .	negative
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained .	negative
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	negative
harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .	negative
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	negative
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .	negative
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .	positive
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .	negative
the characters are based on stock clichs , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .	negative
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance .	negative
. . . too dull to enjoy .	negative
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .	positive
. . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	positive
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch .	negative
drowning's too good for this sucker .	negative
mais um momento inspirado de david fincher .	positive
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .	negative
nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	positive
a modest masterpiece .	positive
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .	positive
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .	negative
really dumb but occasionally really funny .	negative
"the venezuelans say things like "" si , pretty much "" and "" por favor , go home "" when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of "" dragonfly . """	negative
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	positive
rather less than the sum of its underventilated pre-fils confrontations .	negative
. . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .	positive
it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum .	positive
i'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r . nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	negative
ill-considered , unholy hokum .	negative
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	negative
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .	negative
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .	negative
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .	positive
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling .	negative
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	positive
'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '	negative
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .	negative
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .	negative
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .	negative
. . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	positive
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	positive
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	negative
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	positive
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	negative
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .	positive
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff and demi moore's the scarlet letter .	negative
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .	positive
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .	positive
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .	negative
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .	positive
occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodvar style .	positive
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .	negative
see it . debate it . remember it .	positive
. . . routine , harmless diversion and little else .	negative
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .	negative
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	positive
slight but enjoyable documentary .	positive
a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .	negative
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .	positive
the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .	negative
you live the mood rather than savour the story .	positive
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .	negative
it isn't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .	positive
it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long .	negative
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .	negative
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .	positive
liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .	negative
[reaches] wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .	positive
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .	negative
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors .	negative
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man's right to raise his own children .	positive
no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	positive
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	negative
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience .	positive
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	positive
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .	positive
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .	positive
i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .	negative
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	positive
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	negative
it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work .	negative
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	negative
nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .	positive
meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	positive
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	positive
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .	negative
a stirring road movie .	positive
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	negative
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .	positive
[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .	positive
whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	positive
parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	positive
. . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	negative
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	positive
disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .	positive
. . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .	negative
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	negative
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .	positive
so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .	negative
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .	positive
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind .	negative
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	positive
[an] hilarious romantic comedy .	positive
it's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .	positive
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .	negative
. . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .	positive
a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile .	positive
it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	negative
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	negative
"droll caper-comedy remake of "" big deal on madonna street "" that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate "" bellini "" begins to look like a "" real kaputschnik . """	positive
faultlessly professional but finally slight .	negative
coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .	positive
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	negative
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary .	positive
a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .	positive
yo , it's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .	negative
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .	negative
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim .	negative
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	positive
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	negative
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	negative
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	positive
if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam .	negative
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .	positive
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention .	negative
ok arthouse . the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing didn't get our moral hackles up .	positive
dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted	negative
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .	negative
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that .	negative
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	negative
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .	negative
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .	positive
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	positive
the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true .	positive
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	positive
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	negative
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	positive
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '	positive
there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .	positive
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets .	negative
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	negative
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	positive
"while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , "" in the bedroom , "" moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations"	positive
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .	positive
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .	positive
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .	negative
when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .	negative
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	positive
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . it's makes a better travelogue than movie .	negative
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .	positive
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	negative
. . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	positive
deserving of its critical backlash and more .	negative
for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .	positive
the re- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	negative
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	positive
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	positive
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .	positive
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ?	negative
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	negative
the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	negative
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .	positive
what's not to like about a movie with a 'children's' song that includes the line 'my stepdad's not mean , he's just adjusting' ?	positive
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	positive
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .	negative
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	positive
collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .	negative
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .	negative
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	positive
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail .	positive
"almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like "" the addams family "" to everyone looking in . . . "" my big fat greek wedding "" comes from the heart . . ."	positive
neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	positive
there are moments of hilarity to be had .	positive
lurid and less than lucid work .	negative
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .	negative
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .	negative
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	positive
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion .	negative
here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	positive
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .	negative
with elements cribbed from lang's metropolis , welles' kane , and eisenstein's potemkin , the true wonder of rintar's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .	positive
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	negative
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .	positive
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	positive
a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .	negative
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .	positive
leaks treacle from every pore .	negative
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .	negative
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .	negative
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process .	positive
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on bttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .	positive
an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach	negative
not even the hanson brothers can save it	negative
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .	negative
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .	negative
at the film's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli .	positive
sleek and arty .	positive
lightweight but appealing .	positive
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .	negative
call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	negative
it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .	positive
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	negative
contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well .	positive
[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	positive
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .	positive
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	negative
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .	negative
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	positive
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls	positive
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	negative
garca bernal and talancn are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out .	positive
". . . although this idea is "" new "" the results are tired ."	negative
you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade .	positive
the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	negative
. . . a bland , pretentious mess .	negative
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .	positive
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	positive
. . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	positive
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .	negative
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year .	positive
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .	negative
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	positive
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	negative
as saccharine as it is disposable .	negative
offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .	negative
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . .	positive
storytelling feels slight .	negative
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .	positive
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .	negative
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	positive
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .	negative
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	negative
berling and bart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .	positive
all-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .	positive
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	positive
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '	negative
lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun .	negative
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .	negative
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	positive
bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad .	negative
a riveting story well told .	positive
co-writer/director jonathan parker's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	negative
the movie doesn't add anything fresh to the myth .	negative
if it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .	positive
contrived pastiche of caper clichs .	negative
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	negative
done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment .	negative
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	positive
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama .	negative
anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher .	positive
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	negative
supposedly , pokemon can't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	negative
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	positive
doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .	negative
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck , wait till you see maid in manhattan .	negative
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm .	positive
[taylor] takes us on a ride that's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .	negative
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film .	negative
delirious fun .	positive
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .	negative
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	positive
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .	positive
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	negative
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	positive
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	positive
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	positive
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .	positive
the film is like sitting in a downtown caf , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .	negative
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	negative
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .	positive
entertaining enough , but nothing new	negative
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	positive
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff .	negative
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	positive
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	positive
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	positive
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .	negative
halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cinema , but it isn't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .	positive
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .	negative
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	positive
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .	negative
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	positive
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .	positive
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	positive
. . . unbearably lame .	negative
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	positive
k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich .	negative
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .	negative
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear .	negative
it's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .	positive
it will break your heart many times over .	positive
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	positive
the film can depress you about life itself .	negative
""" the time machine "" is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humorit's just plain bored ."	negative
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	negative
"now i can see why people thought i was too hard on "" the mothman prophecies "" ."	negative
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	negative
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	positive
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .	negative
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .	positive
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .	positive
. . . a solid , well-formed satire .	positive
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy . . . even for disney .	negative
just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .	negative
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .	negative
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	positive
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	positive
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	negative
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .	negative
the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '	negative
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .	positive
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film .	positive
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .	positive
a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .	negative
first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ?	negative
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .	positive
all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline .	positive
[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	negative
i liked this film a lot . . .	positive
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	positive
it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story	positive
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .	negative
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	positive
"'barbershop "" is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story ."	positive
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .	positive
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	negative
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .	positive
i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless .	negative
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .	negative
"in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the "" queen "" and less of the "" damned . """	negative
the film grows on you . and how .	positive
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . .	negative
like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .	positive
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust .	negative
it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .	negative
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	negative
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes .	positive
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie .	positive
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	negative
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .	positive
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency .	positive
at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford .	negative
it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune .	negative
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	positive
although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	positive
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro .	positive
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	positive
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen's men is finally just one long drag .	negative
. . . the movie is just a plain old monster .	negative
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?	negative
the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . .	positive
despite auteuil's performance , it's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	negative
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .	negative
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .	positive
the film's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	positive
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	positive
from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .	negative
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you can't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	negative
. . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made .	negative
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .	negative
twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .	negative
""" the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . """	positive
[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .	negative
"to call the other side of heaven "" appalling "" would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be ."	negative
while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce .	positive
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .	positive
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	positive
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	negative
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .	negative
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	positive
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .	positive
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .	positive
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	negative
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture .	negative
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails .	negative
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .	negative
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .	negative
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	positive
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess .	negative
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies .	positive
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone .	positive
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .	positive
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	positive
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs . sever .	negative
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .	positive
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	negative
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .	negative
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .	positive
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .	negative
this story still seems timely and important . and there's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene's story ends .	positive
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	positive
opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	negative
"let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly "" inspired "" was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen ."	negative
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	positive
shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	negative
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .	negative
choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '	negative
what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	negative
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust .	positive
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .	positive
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichs disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .	positive
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .	positive
"those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give "" scratch "" a second look ."	positive
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences .	negative
it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	positive
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .	negative
"time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool "" clockstoppers , "" but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life ."	negative
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	positive
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be .	negative
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .	negative
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned .	negative
kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles .	negative
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	negative
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men .	negative
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .	positive
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .	positive
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	negative
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	positive
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	positive
ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .	negative
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	positive
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that doesn't mean you won't like looking at it .	positive
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .	negative
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear .	negative
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .	positive
by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	positive
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	negative
calculated swill .	negative
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .	negative
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	positive
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	negative
the delicious trimmingsarrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minutewith a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .	positive
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	positive
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	positive
the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .	negative
this is one of the year's best films .	positive
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	positive
the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	negative
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	negative
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .	negative
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	positive
[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .	positive
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .	negative
forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	negative
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	positive
this new time machine is hardly perfect yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad .	positive
it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	positive
the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .	positive
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	positive
a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through .	negative
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .	positive
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	negative
schtte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .	positive
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .	positive
a clever blend of fact and fiction .	positive
shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .	negative
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .	positive
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture	negative
. . . has virtually no script at all . . .	negative
[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .	negative
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .	negative
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	negative
an encouraging effort from mccrudden	negative
smarter than its commercials make it seem .	positive
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .	negative
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .	positive
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag .	negative
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .	positive
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	positive
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .	negative
in its own floundering way , it gets to you . just like igby .	positive
[green is] the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i'm just about ready to go to the u . n . and ask permission for a preemptive strike .	negative
both heartbreaking and heartwarming . . . just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it's tremendously moving .	positive
the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	negative
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .	positive
""" freaky friday , "" it's not ."	negative
distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	negative
the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	negative
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	positive
denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .	negative
. . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .	positive
there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	positive
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	negative
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	negative
first-time director joo pedro rodrigues' unwillingness to define his hero's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .	negative
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	positive
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .	negative
the film's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .	positive
. . . salaciously simplistic .	negative
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	negative
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	negative
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it's a lyrical endeavour .	positive
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .	positive
like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	positive
me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	positive
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	negative
y tu mam tambin is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	positive
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear .	positive
""" 13 conversations about one thing "" is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling ."	positive
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .	negative
it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .	negative
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage .	positive
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	positive
the redeeming feature of chan's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what's worse , routine .	negative
the 3d images only enhance the film's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .	positive
something must have been lost in the translation .	negative
a fascinating but choppy documentary .	negative
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence .	negative
absurdities and clichs accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel .	negative
enough similarities to gymkata and howie long's firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .	negative
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp .	negative
it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	positive
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ?	positive
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	positive
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .	negative
all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	positive
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .	positive
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald's , let alone some savvy street activism .	negative
to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough .	negative
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .	positive
hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	positive
i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .	positive
"while you have to admit it's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out "" when you're a jet , you're a jet all the way , "" it's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to "" tonight . """	negative
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed .	positive
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	positive
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	negative
even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .	negative
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	negative
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .	negative
if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now .	negative
don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	positive
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes . choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny ! b . ) that sure is pathetic !	negative
you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt .	positive
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works .	positive
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .	positive
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .	positive
thanks to scott's charismatic roger and eisenberg's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .	positive
the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .	negative
warm and exotic .	positive
beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines . . . there just isn't much to laugh at .	negative
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	positive
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	negative
it is quite a vision .	positive
incoherence reigns .	negative
works as pretty contagious fun .	positive
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	negative
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film .	positive
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	negative
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there's something creepy about this movie .	negative
. . . too sappy for its own good .	negative
plays like john le carr with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .	negative
a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise .	negative
a charmer from belgium .	positive
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	positive
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .	positive
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .	negative
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	positive
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .	positive
'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '	positive
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough .	positive
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	positive
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .	positive
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	positive
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	negative
been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better .	negative
a hit- and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	negative
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance	negative
a tender , heartfelt family drama .	positive
""" the mothman prophecies "" is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls ."	positive
this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .	positive
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	negative
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .	negative
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .	positive
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster .	negative
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .	positive
es triste tener que decirles que lo nico grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather . . .	negative
made me unintentionally famous as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen .	positive
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	positive
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	negative
it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	negative
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis .	positive
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional yvan's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .	negative
the irwins' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	negative
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	positive
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years .	positive
its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for .	positive
jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	positive
doesn't amount to much of anything .	negative
it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you .	negative
when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .	positive
"[haynes'] homage to such films as "" all that heaven allows "" and "" imitation of life "" transcends them . simply put , "" far from heaven "" is a masterpiece ."	positive
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	positive
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	positive
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .	negative
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	negative
it's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	negative
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	positive
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	positive
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .	positive
sandra bullock's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser . . . above its paint-by-numbers plot .	negative
an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession .	positive
the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	negative
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	negative
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	negative
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety .	negative
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	negative
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	negative
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .	positive
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	positive
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	positive
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .	positive
sluggish , tonally uneven .	negative
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .	positive
mediocre fable from burkina faso .	negative
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	positive
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	positive
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .	negative
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	positive
it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	positive
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .	negative
the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	positive
the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?	negative
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	positive
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing .	positive
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	positive
[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .	negative
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .	negative
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	positive
overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring .	negative
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .	positive
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .	positive
although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league .	negative
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	positive
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch .	positive
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable navet and arbitrary flashbacks .	negative
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food .	positive
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .	positive
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .	negative
even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying .	positive
part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .	negative
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	negative
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	negative
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth .	negative
. . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	positive
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .	positive
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	negative
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again .	positive
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .	negative
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .	positive
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	positive
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation .	negative
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .	positive
. . . they missed the boat .	negative
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before .	positive
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	negative
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold .	negative
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	negative
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	positive
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .	negative
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	positive
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .	negative
the script ? please .	negative
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic/	negative
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	negative
this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .	negative
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	negative
silly , loud and goofy .	negative
a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .	positive
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	positive
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	negative
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .	negative
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man's ruin may be another's fortune .	positive
'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '	negative
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	positive
it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .	negative
seldahl's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .	positive
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	negative
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	positive
""" it's all about the image . """	positive
if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	negative
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	positive
it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .	negative
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way .	positive
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?	negative
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .	positive
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	negative
if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	positive
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	negative
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum .	positive
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .	negative
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	positive
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	negative
a typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate french coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .	positive
though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance .	positive
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .	negative
it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	negative
. . . while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey doesn't really go anywhere .	positive
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	negative
mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	positive
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .	negative
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	positive
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .	negative
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .	positive
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	negative
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	positive
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	positive
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .	negative
feel bad for king , who's honestly trying , and schwartzman , who's shot himself in the foot .	negative
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	negative
the performances are remarkable .	positive
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie .	negative
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	positive
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .	negative
a long-winded , predictable scenario .	negative
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material .	negative
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .	positive
the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better .	positive
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	positive
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film can't help but go soft and stinky .	negative
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .	positive
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .	negative
the cold turkey would've been a far better title .	negative
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon	positive
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film's short 90 minutes .	positive
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	negative
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	positive
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	positive
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	positive
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .	negative
going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .	negative
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	negative
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .	negative
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	negative
there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	positive
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .	positive
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .	positive
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either .	positive
it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	negative
call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .	positive
never having seen the first two films in the series , i can't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .	negative
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .	positive
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	negative
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen .	negative
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .	positive
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life .	positive
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody .	positive
returning director rob minkoff . . . and screenwriter bruce joel rubin . . . have done a fine job of updating white's dry wit to a new age .	positive
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	positive
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	negative
"with a "" spy kids "" sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a "" snl "" has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?"	negative
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .	negative
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	negative
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .	positive
everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	negative
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	positive
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .	positive
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	positive
an almost unbearably morbid love story .	positive
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences .	positive
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	positive
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems .	positive
it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .	positive
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	positive
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	positive
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	negative
there are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part sliding doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .	negative
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	negative
where last time jokes flowed out of cho's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .	negative
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	negative
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little .	negative
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu .	negative
an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .	positive
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	negative
a moving and important film .	positive
the komediant is a tale worth catching .	positive
a dreadful live-action movie .	negative
ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	positive
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .	positive
duvall is strong as always .	positive
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	positive
proves that some movie formulas don't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	positive
you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	positive
[u]nrelentingly stupid .	negative
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .	negative
denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances	positive
if you don't flee , you might be seduced . if you don't laugh , flee .	positive
on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .	positive
. . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then .	negative
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	negative
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny	negative
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	negative
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams .	positive
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	negative
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	positive
as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .	positive
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should .	positive
"the reason to see "" sade "" lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) ."	positive
roman polanski's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than 'shindler's list' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie .	positive
the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one .	negative
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	negative
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core .	negative
catch it . . . if you can !	positive
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .	positive
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	positive
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .	positive
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	negative
while super troopers is above academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .	negative
a lame comedy .	negative
good , solid storytelling .	positive
in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .	positive
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	negative
a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .	negative
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon .	negative
there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .	negative
even though it's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you can't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company's astonishing growth .	positive
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .	negative
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	positive
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .	positive
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .	positive
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	positive
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	negative
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption .	negative
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all .	negative
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	negative
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	positive
flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .	negative
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	positive
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	negative
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .	negative
when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .	positive
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .	positive
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	negative
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	positive
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them .	negative
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is .	positive
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .	positive
replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing .	negative
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .	negative
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	negative
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	positive
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	positive
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	positive
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	negative
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .	positive
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .	negative
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it .	negative
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .	negative
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichs that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .	negative
this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .	positive
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .	negative
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .	negative
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	positive
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you've actually spent time living in another community .	positive
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .	positive
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor .	negative
a genuine mind-bender .	positive
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget .	negative
[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .	positive
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	positive
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	positive
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .	positive
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply	negative
. . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters .	positive
there's something deeply creepy about never again , a new arrow in schaeffer's quiver of ineptitudes .	negative
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	positive
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed .	positive
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context .	negative
[fincher's] camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .	positive
. . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch .	negative
it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf .	negative
none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .	negative
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	positive
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	positive
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .	positive
can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	negative
it's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	positive
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .	positive
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .	positive
mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .	positive
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	positive
obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .	positive
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .	positive
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	positive
if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and probably want to see it twice . i will be .	positive
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	positive
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	positive
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	positive
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	negative
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .	positive
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .	negative
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation .	positive
very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension .	negative
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .	positive
michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes .	positive
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	negative
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	positive
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .	positive
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	positive
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	positive
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	positive
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion .	positive
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .	negative
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .	negative
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .	negative
. . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers .	negative
it's just plain boring .	negative
frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . .	negative
the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	negative
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	negative
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	negative
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	positive
life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .	negative
features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	positive
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them .	negative
the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	negative
mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry .	negative
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .	negative
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot .	negative
. . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .	negative
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	positive
a classy , sprightly spin on film .	positive
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .	negative
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .	positive
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .	negative
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	negative
the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .	negative
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .	negative
[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .	positive
a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .	negative
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	negative
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .	positive
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	positive
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .	positive
as pedestrian as they come .	negative
it's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . it's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .	positive
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care .	negative
. . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags .	negative
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	negative
it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	positive
at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .	negative
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '	negative
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	positive
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	negative
". . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend "" never again . """	negative
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .	negative
it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .	positive
if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball .	negative
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .	negative
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	negative
hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	negative
it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	negative
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .	negative
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .	positive
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a 'bad' police shooting .	positive
. . . always remains movingly genuine .	positive
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	positive
there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .	negative
ruh-roh ! romething's really wrong with this ricture !	negative
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	positive
. . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	positive
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	positive
it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	positive
it just didn't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .	negative
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .	positive
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .	positive
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	negative
jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .	negative
ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes .	negative
. . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .	negative
it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .	negative
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .	positive
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	positive
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .	negative
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	negative
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	positive
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .	positive
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent .	negative
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .	negative
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	positive
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years .	negative
there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more .	negative
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	positive
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment .	positive
disappointing in comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick for that matter .	negative
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for .	negative
with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .	positive
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .	negative
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .	negative
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	positive
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	positive
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	negative
fun and nimble .	positive
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	positive
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .	positive
there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	negative
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown .	negative
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the 'are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s .	positive
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .	positive
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .	positive
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	positive
an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .	negative
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .	negative
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie .	negative
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	positive
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	positive
maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	negative
it would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in talk to her , the women are down for the count .	positive
we get the comedy we settle for .	negative
[a] rare , beautiful film .	positive
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .	negative
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	positive
judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .	negative
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .	positive
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	positive
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies .	negative
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	positive
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .	positive
shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	negative
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .	negative
an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .	positive
a cockeyed shot all the way .	negative
sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	positive
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .	positive
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . it's painful .	negative
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	positive
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	positive
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .	negative
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .	positive
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	negative
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	negative
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	positive
what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	negative
. . . an inviting piece of film .	positive
"there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but "" elling "" manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases ."	positive
for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	negative
. . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .	positive
a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	positive
it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	negative
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	negative
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .	negative
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .	negative
as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records .	positive
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny .	negative
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .	negative
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .	positive
this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary !	positive
it's exactly what you'd expect .	negative
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction .	negative
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	positive
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .	positive
grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine .	negative
writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .	negative
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .	negative
[a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .	positive
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .	positive
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	positive
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .	negative
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .	negative
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	positive
it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental .	negative
finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .	positive
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .	negative
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	positive
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	negative
video games are more involving than this mess .	negative
build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	negative
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	positive
it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	positive
it's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it's brilliant .	positive
a feeble tootsie knockoff .	negative
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .	positive
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	negative
somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp .	positive
an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works .	positive
beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	negative
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date .	positive
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .	negative
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .	negative
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !	negative
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	negative
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	positive
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	negative
it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	positive
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	negative
a respectable but uninspired thriller that's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .	negative
meant to reduce blake's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane's superhero dystopia .	positive
more tiring than anything .	negative
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .	negative
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .	negative
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	positive
even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness .	negative
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .	negative
"the subtle strength of "" elling "" is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation ."	positive
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .	positive
it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .	negative
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker .	positive
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	negative
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .	negative
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .	negative
a half-assed film .	negative
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	negative
what's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	positive
a small gem from belgium .	positive
a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people .	negative
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	positive
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience	negative
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	positive
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	negative
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .	positive
whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .	positive
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .	positive
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping .	positive
a chiller resolutely without chills .	negative
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not .	positive
lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter .	positive
it's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	positive
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .	negative
this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '	negative
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	negative
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .	positive
japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .	positive
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	negative
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	positive
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .	positive
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	negative
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	negative
there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes .	negative
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	negative
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style .	negative
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .	negative
tends to plod .	negative
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	positive
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold .	positive
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	positive
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .	negative
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	negative
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	positive
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	positive
as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .	negative
the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	positive
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	positive
the truth about charlie is that it's a brazenly misguided project .	negative
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	negative
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .	negative
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?	negative
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .	negative
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	negative
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it's a funny no-brainer .	positive
a smart , compelling drama .	positive
more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .	positive
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	positive
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .	positive
a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	positive
'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	positive
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .	positive
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .	negative
never [sinks] into exploitation .	positive
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .	positive
i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .	positive
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	negative
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother .	positive
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .	negative
a perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .	positive
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	positive
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .	negative
woefully pretentious .	negative
too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up .	negative
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	negative
spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	positive
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	positive
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	negative
a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .	positive
"the star who helped give a spark to "" chasing amy "" and "" changing lanes "" falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , "" the sum of all fears . """	negative
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	negative
secretary is just too original to be ignored .	positive
simplistic , silly and tedious .	negative
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .	positive
must be seen to be believed .	positive
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .	negative
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .	positive
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	negative
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness .	negative
the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing .	positive
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .	positive
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .	negative
yes , one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature .	negative
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .	positive
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	negative
an unflinching look at the world's dispossessed .	positive
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck  few filmmakers will . but based on cq , i'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .	positive
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .	negative
it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing .	negative
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	positive
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .	negative
a coda in every sense , the pinochet case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the british court's extradition chess game and the regime's talking-head survivors .	positive
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	negative
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	negative
it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting .	positive
serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs .	negative
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .	positive
try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	positive
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . .	positive
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .	positive
when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark .	positive
i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .	negative
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	negative
has its share of arresting images .	positive
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .	positive
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .	positive
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .	negative
a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense .	negative
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buuel retrospective .	negative
so routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .	negative
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .	positive
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows .	negative
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .	negative
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .	positive
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .	negative
the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .	negative
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .	negative
i'm just too bored to care .	negative
. . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .	positive
good ol' urban legend stuff .	positive
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	positive
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	negative
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .	positive
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	positive
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	positive
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .	positive
"tale will be all too familiar for anyone who's seen george roy hill's 1973 film , "" the sting . """	negative
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive .	positive
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	positive
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	negative
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .	positive
the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse .	negative
films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	positive
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .	negative
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately .	negative
it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	positive
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	positive
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and luca] makes for an arousing good time .	positive
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	negative
"sum "" is jack ryan's "" do-over . "" give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck ."	positive
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	negative
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .	positive
it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	positive
it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins .	negative
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .	negative
we're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	negative
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	negative
in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .	positive
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through .	negative
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .	negative
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .	positive
deliciously slow .	positive
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .	positive
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism .	positive
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	positive
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years .	negative
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .	positive
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .	positive
much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	positive
effective but too-tepid biopic	positive
a major waste . . . generic .	negative
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .	negative
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .	positive
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .	negative
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .	negative
it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	positive
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film .	negative
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .	negative
fast and funny , an action cartoon that's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	positive
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it can't help but engage an audience .	positive
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .	negative
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	positive
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .	positive
[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .	positive
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl .	negative
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence .	negative
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .	negative
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .	negative
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .	negative
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .	positive
interesting , but not compelling .	negative
a compelling film .	positive
jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .	negative
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .	negative
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture .	positive
the movie is a trove of delights .	positive
while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .	positive
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	negative
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more .	negative
a portrait of an artist .	positive
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	positive
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	negative
so few movies explore religion that it's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .	negative
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier .	positive
it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	negative
nair doesn't treat the issues lightly . she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	positive
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .	positive
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .	positive
. . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	positive
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	positive
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .	negative
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	negative
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .	positive
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma .	positive
demme's loose approach kills the suspense .	negative
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .	negative
hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story .	positive
splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings .	negative
a beautifully observed character piece .	positive
shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .	negative
i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . .	negative
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts .	positive
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	positive
""" its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . """	positive
i can't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . .	negative
it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	positive
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here .	negative
twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career .	positive
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .	negative
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	negative
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	negative
o timo esforo do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro , que , depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento , perde-se de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos so explicados .	negative
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	negative
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .	positive
the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details .	positive
the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting .	positive
a high-minded snoozer .	negative
this isn't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .	positive
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	positive
insanely hilarious ! i haven't laughed that hard in years !	positive
un thriller manqu qui tombe sur les nerfs presque ds la premire image .	negative
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	negative
time out is as serious as a pink slip . and more than that , it's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	positive
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie's success . he's one of the few 'cool' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	positive
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	positive
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .	negative
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time .	negative
an extraordinarily silly thriller .	negative
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .	positive
a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .	negative
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted .	positive
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	negative
it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary .	negative
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	positive
wise and deadpan humorous .	positive
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	positive
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	negative
what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .	positive
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	negative
too much of the humor falls flat .	negative
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	positive
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	negative
it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .	negative
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .	negative
a little better than sorcerer's stone .	positive
a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists .	positive
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	positive
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey	positive
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .	negative
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .	negative
it strikes hardest when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	positive
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .	positive
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .	positive
it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	positive
"a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those "" can this marriage be saved ? "" columns from ladies home journal . . ."	negative
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .	positive
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	negative
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white .	positive
could have been crisper and punchier , but it's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	positive
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls .	negative
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	positive
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .	negative
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work .	positive
earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .	positive
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .	negative
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .	positive
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke .	negative
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .	positive
it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .	positive
no matter how you slice it , mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .	negative
"with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable "" formula 51 "" is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger ."	negative
wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives !	negative
the film has several strong performances .	positive
you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more .	positive
"the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives "" mothman "" an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling ."	positive
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	positive
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining !	positive
unless you're a fanatic , the best advice is : 'scooby' don't .	negative
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	positive
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half .	positive
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	negative
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .	positive
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring .	negative
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	positive
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	negative
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	positive
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .	positive
an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories .	negative
polished , well-structured film .	positive
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .	negative
too simple for its own good .	negative
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .	negative
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up .	positive
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	negative
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .	negative
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .	positive
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	negative
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there .	negative
poignant and delicately complex .	positive
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	negative
belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .	positive
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	positive
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	negative
this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .	negative
""" juwanna mann ? "" no thanks . wewannour money back , actually ."	negative
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	negative
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .	positive
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore .	negative
beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures .	negative
mr . wollter and ms . seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	negative
too silly to take seriously .	negative
as social expos , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on .	negative
a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .	negative
for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped . for a film that's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama isn't as funny as you'd hoped .	positive
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .	negative
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	positive
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called 'the gift of tears . '	positive
what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	negative
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	negative
it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	positive
it's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	negative
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	negative
plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .	negative
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .	negative
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	negative
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust .	positive
it's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .	positive
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	positive
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	positive
schrader examines crane's decline with unblinking candor .	positive
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	positive
illuminating if overly talky documentary .	positive
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .	positive
the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .	negative
'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '	positive
there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	negative
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	negative
a fifty car pileup of cliches .	negative
stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	positive
crummy	negative
critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .	positive
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .	negative
movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .	negative
an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	negative
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	negative
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures .	positive
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags .	negative
[a] mess .	negative
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	positive
psychologically savvy .	positive
highly watchable stuff .	positive
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	positive
it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .	positive
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	positive
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	positive
although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .	negative
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . .	negative
a very charming and funny movie .	positive
a tone of rueful compassion . . . reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	positive
helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news .	positive
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	negative
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	negative
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .	negative
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .	positive
""" austin powers in goldmember "" has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end ."	positive
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .	positive
an awkward and indigestible movie .	negative
a mess , but it's a sincere mess .	positive
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	negative
""" bad "" is the operative word for "" bad company , "" and i don't mean that in a good way ."	negative
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .	negative
stay away . far away .	negative
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	positive
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .	positive
delightfully rendered	positive
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .	positive
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	positive
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	negative
noyce has worked wonders with the material .	positive
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .	negative
. . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be	negative
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	positive
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	negative
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .	positive
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .	negative
culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .	positive
it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny .	positive
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery .	negative
together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	positive
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ?	positive
at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	negative
boisterous and daft documentary .	positive
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	negative
it's a very valuable film . . .	positive
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	positive
pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .	positive
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .	negative
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .	negative
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	positive
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .	positive
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .	positive
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .	negative
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	positive
for dance completists only .	negative
if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .	positive
the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .	negative
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .	negative
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	negative
it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .	negative
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .	positive
director paul cox's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .	positive
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	negative
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .	negative
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	negative
if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ?	negative
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	positive
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .	negative
the plot's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	negative
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	positive
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .	positive
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz .	positive
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .	positive
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh's rise up the social ladder .	negative
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does	positive
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	positive
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .	negative
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .	negative
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	positive
cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff .	positive
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .	positive
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .	positive
a small movie with a big heart .	positive
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances .	positive
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .	positive
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .	negative
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character .	negative
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .	positive
ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .	positive
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	negative
don't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .	positive
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	negative
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .	negative
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .	positive
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations	positive
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	negative
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	negative
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	negative
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	positive
hey , who else needs a shower ?	positive
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	negative
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	negative
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	negative
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	negative
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film	positive
"an "" o bruin , where art thou ? "" -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack ."	negative
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	positive
[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	positive
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	positive
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	negative
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	positive
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	positive
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .	positive
more honest about alzheimer's disease , i think , than iris .	positive
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .	negative
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .	negative
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	positive
this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	negative
like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	positive
this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .	positive
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	positive
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years .	positive
it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	positive
it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .	positive
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	positive
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	negative
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	positive
everyone's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	positive
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .	positive
unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .	negative
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	positive
it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	negative
a creaky staircase gothic .	positive
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . for caine lovers only .	negative
bond-inspired ? certainly . likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? let's hope not .	negative
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	positive
here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck .	positive
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	negative
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	negative
they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .	negative
none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere .	positive
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current .	positive
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .	negative
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .	positive
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	positive
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin .	positive
a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . .	positive
ms sarcstica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos .	positive
the thrill is ( long ) gone .	negative
the pianist is polanski's best film .	positive
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	negative
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .	positive
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	negative
corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .	negative
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	negative
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .	positive
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	positive
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .	positive
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch .	positive
superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	positive
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	positive
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted .	positive
scorsese doesn't give us a character worth giving a damn about .	negative
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie !	negative
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy .	positive
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza .	positive
. . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .	positive
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion	positive
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .	negative
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	positive
the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .	negative
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	positive
it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .	negative
. . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology .	positive
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	negative
predictably melodramatic .	negative
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in 'baran . '	positive
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together .	positive
feels familiar and tired .	negative
for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	negative
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .	negative
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .	negative
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .	positive
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .	positive
there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right .	negative
every note rings false .	negative
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	negative
cq's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .	positive
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .	negative
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . .	positive
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .	negative
fulford-wierzbicki . . . deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	positive
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	negative
in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	positive
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .	positive
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .	negative
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .	positive
. . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	positive
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it .	negative
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .	negative
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	positive
it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	negative
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	negative
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	positive
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .	negative
it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .	positive
the film is full of charm .	positive
what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height .	negative
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone .	positive
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	negative
a gentle and engrossing character study .	positive
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here .	negative
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .	negative
maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	negative
more precious than perspicacious	negative
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .	negative
the picture doesn't know it's a comedy .	negative
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .	negative
[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .	negative
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	negative
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time .	positive
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	positive
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	negative
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .	positive
. . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observacin de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .	positive
what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ?	negative
brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .	positive
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	positive
a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .	positive
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .	negative
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .	negative
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .	negative
with 'bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	positive
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	negative
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	positive
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	positive
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack .	positive
once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .	negative
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .	negative
brisk hack job .	negative
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .	negative
it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success .	negative
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it doesn't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde's wit and the actors' performances .	negative
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	positive
green ruins every single scene he's in , and the film , while it's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	negative
there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	negative
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	negative
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . .	negative
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .	positive
the movie is a mess from start to finish .	negative
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .	positive
samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal	negative
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere .	negative
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time .	positive
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower .	negative
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	negative
like a poor man's you can count on me	positive
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	negative
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .	negative
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .	positive
dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .	positive
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .	positive
. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	positive
. . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle .	negative
one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .	negative
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect .	negative
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .	negative
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work .	negative
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	positive
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets .	negative
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there's little to be learned from watching 'comedian'	negative
a worthwhile documentary , whether you're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	positive
it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career .	positive
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	positive
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	positive
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . .	positive
the script kicks in , and mr . hartley's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .	negative
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .	negative
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .	positive
as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink .	negative
there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .	negative
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .	negative
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .	negative
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	negative
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	positive
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	positive
don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some .	positive
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .	negative
sure , it's more of the same , but as the film proves , that's not always a bad thing .	positive
there's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	positive
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .	positive
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	positive
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .	positive
graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	positive
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .	negative
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .	negative
a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .	positive
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .	negative
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	negative
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .	negative
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .	negative
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .	positive
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .	negative
in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon !	positive
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy .	negative
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .	positive
"despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams "" bathroom break ! """	positive
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .	negative
there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable .	positive
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	negative
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	negative
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	positive
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .	positive
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet .	positive
quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .	positive
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us .	negative
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .	positive
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .	negative
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	negative
the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	negative
melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back .	negative
viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .	positive
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	negative
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .	positive
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	positive
schaefer's . . . determination to inject farcical raunch . . . drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .	negative
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	negative
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	negative
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	positive
is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?	negative
[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	negative
"ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about "" chicago "" in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a"	negative
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	negative
kinnear gives a tremendous performance .	positive
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .	negative
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	positive
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .	positive
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	negative
"a "" home alone "" film that is staged like "" rosemary's baby , "" but is not as well-conceived as either of those films ."	negative
"most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; "" frailty "" leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home ."	positive
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	negative
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	negative
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	negative
`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere .	negative
a slick , skillful little horror film .	positive
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	negative
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	positive
even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat .	negative
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	positive
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you can't fight your culture .	positive
it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	positive
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	positive
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	positive
the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .	negative
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '	negative
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors .	negative
the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	positive
even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .	positive
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .	positive
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	positive
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	positive
"that the chuck norris "" grenade gag "" occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is ."	negative
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs . woo , it looks like woo's a p . o . w .	negative
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	negative
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .	negative
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	negative
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	positive
'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias romnticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '	positive
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	positive
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .	negative
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	negative
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	positive
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds , there's no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .	positive
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	positive
. . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .	negative
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i'm likely to see all year .	positive
with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises .	positive
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .	negative
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .	positive
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . .	positive
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief .	positive
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess .	negative
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener .	positive
a processed comedy chop suey .	negative
very stupid and annoying .	negative
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart .	negative
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .	negative
the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	positive
as the movie traces mr . brown's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	positive
hugh grant's act is so consuming that sometimes it's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .	negative
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .	negative
lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .	positive
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	positive
more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	positive
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	positive
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . .	positive
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	positive
"but buying into sham truths and routine "" indie "" filmmaking , freundlich has made just another safe movie . it's not horrible , just horribly mediocre ."	negative
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care .	negative
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	positive
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	negative
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .	negative
mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .	negative
a wildly funny prison caper .	positive
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history .	positive
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '	positive
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	positive
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .	negative
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .	positive
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	negative
if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .	negative
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	negative
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	positive
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	positive
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .	positive
not exactly the bees knees	negative
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel .	positive
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters .	positive
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	positive
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	positive
apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter .	positive
[t]he script isn't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi's now-cliched vampire accent .	negative
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	negative
when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .	negative
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	negative
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	positive
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .	negative
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	positive
mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .	positive
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	negative
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	negative
be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	negative
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful .	negative
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . .	positive
. . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	negative
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	positive
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .	positive
mildly amusing .	negative
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .	positive
[seems] even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	negative
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .	positive
macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done .	positive
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	negative
""" auto focus "" works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era"	positive
it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . .	negative
this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	positive
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	positive
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	positive
the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .	negative
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	negative
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . .	positive
the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .	positive
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms . bullock's best work in some time .	positive
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .	positive
it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .	negative
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	positive
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't .	negative
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	negative
the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters .	negative
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	negative
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .	positive
there are now two signs that m . night shyamalan's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .	negative
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .	positive
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .	positive
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	negative
a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .	positive
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .	positive
not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .	negative
michael moore's latest documentary about america's thirst for violence is his best film yet . . .	positive
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .	negative
if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force .	positive
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .	positive
crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	negative
the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	positive
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .	negative
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .	positive
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult .	negative
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	negative
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit	negative
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .	positive
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .	negative
you're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .	negative
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	positive
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	negative
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .	positive
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth .	positive
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .	positive
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance	negative
this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .	positive
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .	positive
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .	negative
the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . .	positive
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	negative
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .	negative
it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .	negative
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .	negative
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	positive
it's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	negative
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .	positive
could as easily have been called 'under siege 3 : in alcatraz' . . . a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	negative
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered .	negative
[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	positive
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	positive
not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were i doubt it would be all that interesting .	negative
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	negative
get out your pooper-scoopers .	negative
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive .	negative
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .	positive
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint .	positive
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .	positive
this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .	positive
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries .	positive
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .	negative
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	positive
the film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when carvey's saturday night live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .	negative
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .	positive
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it .	negative
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition&#133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	negative
you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .	positive
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .	negative
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	positive
a sudsy cautionary tale .	negative
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .	negative
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will .	positive
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .	negative
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	negative
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .	negative
despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	positive
. . . the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . .	negative
you'll end up moved .	positive
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .	positive
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	negative
. . . a pretentious mess . . .	negative
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .	negative
"good for a few unintentional laughs , "" extreme ops "" was obviously made for the "" xxx "" crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction ."	negative
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .	positive
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	negative
a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .	negative
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '	positive
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . it's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .	negative
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	positive
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .	negative
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	negative
desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro .	positive
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	negative
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	positive
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	negative
whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .	negative
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .	negative
most of the action setups are incoherent .	negative
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	negative
gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .	positive
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichs , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	positive
it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear .	positive
"this is not a retread of "" dead poets' society . """	positive
it's a masterpiece .	positive
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ?	positive
somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .	negative
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .	negative
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .	negative
significantly better than its 2002 children's-movie competition .	positive
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .	positive
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	negative
portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .	negative
a bit too eager to please .	negative
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	positive
humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .	positive
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	positive
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	positive
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichs the filmmakers could dredge up .	negative
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .	positive
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .	negative
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .	positive
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .	negative
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	negative
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .	negative
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	positive
witty , touching and well paced .	positive
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .	negative
. . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might .	negative
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	negative
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .	positive
not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .	positive
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .	positive
too close to phantom menace for comfort .	negative
writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable .	negative
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	negative
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	positive
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you .	positive
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .	positive
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .	negative
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .	negative
godawful boring slug of a movie .	negative
the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	positive
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	negative
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .	positive
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .	negative
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	negative
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .	negative
what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best .	negative
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv .	negative
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .	positive
a 'girls gone wild' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation isn't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers aren't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	negative
the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .	positive
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands .	positive
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . .	negative
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	negative
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	positive
"the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a "" dungeons and dragons "" fantasy with modern military weaponry . . ."	positive
earnest but earthbound . . . a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .	negative
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .	negative
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .	positive
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .	positive
in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .	negative
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	positive
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions .	negative
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together .	negative
once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .	negative
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .	negative
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . .	negative
everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	negative
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .	negative
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .	positive
"there's a reason the studio didn't offer an advance screening . "" the adventures of pluto nash "" is a big time stinker ."	negative
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .	negative
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house .	negative
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible	negative
karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .	positive
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	negative
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .	positive
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .	negative
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring .	negative
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down .	negative
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness	negative
set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york .	negative
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .	negative
kidman is really the only thing that's worth watching in birthday girl , a film by the stage-trained jez butterworth ( mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the post-full monty world .	negative
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	negative
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	negative
frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	negative
the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .	negative
it's one long bore .	negative
whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately .	positive
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	positive
it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .	positive
mildly entertaining .	negative
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	negative
absorbing character study by andr turpin .	positive
the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .	negative
ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor .	positive
it may not be history but then again , what if it is ? but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while .	positive
( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk .	positive
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	positive
yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .	negative
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	positive
it's immensely ambitious , different than anything that's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it's trying to do .	positive
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .	negative
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	negative
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	positive
would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	negative
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .	negative
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .	negative
[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .	positive
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	positive
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	negative
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .	positive
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .	positive
it recycles every clich about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .	negative
more trifle than triumph .	negative
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	negative
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave .	positive
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	negative
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	positive
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .	positive
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	negative
director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	positive
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	negative
the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' .	negative
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	positive
'almodvar logra un filme entraable , lleno de compasin , comprensin , amor , amistad , esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable . '	positive
i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problemit's supposed to be a drama .	negative
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .	positive
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	positive
it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style .	positive
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	negative
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	positive
this may be burns's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	positive
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .	negative
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	positive
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .	positive
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	negative
it takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .	positive
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .	negative
this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .	positive
the film's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that's opened between them .	positive
this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	positive
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .	negative
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	negative
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	negative
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text  when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	negative
you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	negative
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life .	positive
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .	negative
loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .	negative
there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	negative
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .	positive
i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	negative
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	positive
a winning and wildly fascinating work .	positive
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .	positive
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9  weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	positive
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .	negative
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	negative
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	negative
norton holds the film together .	positive
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	positive
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't .	negative
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	positive
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	negative
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie's rude and crude humor .	negative
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .	positive
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	negative
it's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it doesn't offer any insights that haven't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid-'90s .	negative
[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	negative
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	positive
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone .	positive
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	positive
works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .	negative
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .	positive
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .	negative
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . now he makes them .	negative
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	negative
god is great , the movie's not .	negative
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .	negative
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well .	negative
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	positive
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose .	positive
dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	positive
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd .	negative
although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale .	positive
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	positive
what makes the movie work  to an admittedly limited extent  is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers . weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	positive
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered .	negative
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .	positive
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable	negative
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .	positive
during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' .	negative
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	negative
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	negative
there's . . . an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .	positive
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .	negative
what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .	negative
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	positive
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .	positive
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it .	positive
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .	negative
the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .	positive
director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .	negative
thoroughly enjoyable .	positive
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	positive
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .	positive
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	negative
isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .	positive
the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .	negative
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .	positive
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .	negative
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .	negative
worse than 'silence of the lambs' better than 'hannibal'	positive
miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	positive
mark pellington's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	positive
thoroughly awful .	negative
if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .	negative
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book .	negative
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim .	positive
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	positive
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	negative
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .	negative
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	positive
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory .	positive
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .	negative
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .	positive
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	positive
it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	positive
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	positive
this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .	negative
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	negative
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	negative
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .	negative
it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 .	negative
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	positive
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .	positive
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain .	negative
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there's something about mary co-writer ed decter .	negative
with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	positive
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	positive
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .	negative
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer .	positive
a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	negative
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .	negative
perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	positive
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	positive
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .	negative
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name	negative
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . if only there were one for this kind of movie .	negative
a bravura exercise in emptiness .	negative
her film is like a beautiful food entre that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .	negative
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .	negative
it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	negative
. . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	negative
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	positive
there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	negative
a modestly surprising movie .	positive
i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	negative
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	negative
a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .	positive
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	positive
there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	negative
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .	negative
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	positive
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	positive
sheridan's take on the author's schoolboy memoir . . . is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	negative
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	positive
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	negative
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane .	positive
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .	positive
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	negative
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	positive
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	negative
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	positive
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .	negative
'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '	positive
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . but it's worth the concentration .	positive
[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .	positive
the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming .	negative
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	positive
"plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on "" the simpsons "" has ."	negative
it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .	positive
so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up .	positive
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate .	negative
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .	negative
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	positive
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived .	negative
scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	negative
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .	negative
slap me , i saw this movie .	negative
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .	negative
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous ( but with bears , and a g rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .	negative
kinnear's performance is a career-defining revelation .	positive
like the best 60 minutes expos , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .	positive
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	positive
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .	negative
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .	negative
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	positive
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .	negative
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .	negative
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .	negative
there's no reason to miss interview with the assassin	positive
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	positive
"from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , "" besotted "" is misbegotten"	negative
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	negative
an overstylized , pured mlange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .	negative
aggravating and tedious .	negative
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge .	negative
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	positive
mctiernan's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	negative
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	negative
. . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .	positive
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .	positive
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .	positive
it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .	negative
sayles . . . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	negative
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .	positive
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ?	negative
my own minority report is that it stinks .	negative
famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clich-riddled genre can offer .	positive
murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget .	positive
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	negative
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star .	negative
the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .	positive
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .	negative
it's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just can't get no satisfaction .	negative
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	negative
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '	negative
taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . but as a movie , it's a humorless , disjointed mess .	negative
the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	positive
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	negative
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	positive
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	negative
the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down .	negative
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	positive
what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .	negative
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	negative
one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken .	positive
a complete waste of time .	negative
just what makes us happy , anyway ?	positive
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	positive
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	negative
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .	positive
a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .	positive
there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .	negative
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	negative
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does .	negative
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	positive
. . . one of the more influential works of the 'korean new wave' .	positive
""" i blame all men for war , "" [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment ."	negative
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .	positive
none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny .	negative
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	positive
watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia .	positive
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .	positive
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .	positive
a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .	positive
kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	negative
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .	negative
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .	negative
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	negative
"acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes "" never again "" worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice"	negative
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .	positive
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	negative
it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out .	positive
"streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , "" big trouble "" is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter ."	positive
summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	negative
zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .	positive
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama	positive
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .	positive
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	negative
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum	positive
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .	negative
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	negative
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though .	negative
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .	positive
. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .	positive
it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	positive
an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you're getting its metaphysical point .	positive
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .	negative
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight .	positive
in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	positive
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .	negative
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	negative
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	negative
the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned .	negative
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time .	negative
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .	positive
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .	negative
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	negative
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	positive
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .	negative
a dazzling dream of a documentary .	positive
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .	positive
it's an awfully derivative story .	negative
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .	positive
eh .	negative
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	positive
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	positive
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	negative
boy oh boy , it's a howler .	negative
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	negative
""" punch-drunk love "" is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . ."	positive
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	positive
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world's democracie	positive
just one bad idea after another .	negative
. . . somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichs to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .	positive
feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .	negative
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised .	negative
typical anim , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .	negative
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial .	negative
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	positive
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	negative
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	negative
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	negative
"a compelling journey . . . and "" his best friend remembers "" is up there with the finest of specials ."	positive
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .	negative
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .	positive
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .	negative
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way .	negative
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	negative
collapses under its own meager weight .	negative
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	negative
spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	positive
[a] strong piece of work .	positive
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go .	positive
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	positive
you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club .	positive
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story's morals .	positive
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .	positive
the movie's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichd and too often strains credulity .	negative
if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .	negative
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .	positive
victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	positive
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .	negative
it's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	positive
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	positive
uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .	negative
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story's going , or how long it's going to take to get there .	negative
they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	negative
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .	negative
promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .	positive
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	negative
takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny .	negative
it's all surface psychodramatics .	negative
an opportunity missed .	negative
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .	negative
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .	negative
if you like peace , you'll like promises .	positive
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	positive
what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .	negative
terminally brain dead production .	negative
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .	positive
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .	positive
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .	positive
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going .	negative
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .	positive
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	negative
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	negative
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten . . . make that three minutes .	negative
the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .	negative
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	negative
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .	negative
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign .	negative
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .	positive
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	positive
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	negative
. . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .	negative
it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut .	negative
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .	negative
with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 .	negative
clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .	negative
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	positive
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	positive
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .	negative
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .	negative
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	positive
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	negative
jackson is always watchable .	positive
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	negative
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !	positive
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	positive
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .	negative
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .	negative
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial .	negative
a movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil' bow wow .	positive
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars	positive
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .	negative
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	positive
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do .	positive
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent .	negative
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	negative
""" the ring "" is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws ."	positive
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outr sexual practice .	positive
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	negative
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	positive
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	positive
the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke .	positive
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead .	negative
decent but dull .	negative
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .	positive
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .	negative
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb .	positive
a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .	negative
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .	negative
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .	negative
[lawrence bounces] all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .	positive
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	positive
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	positive
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history .	positive
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured .	negative
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	negative
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs .	negative
""" nicholas nickleby "" is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new "" a christmas carol "" out in the theaters this year . charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero ."	positive
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .	negative
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers .	positive
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	negative
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	positive
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one .	positive
"the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( "" laissez-passer "" ) wears its heart on its sleeve ."	positive
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	positive
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	negative
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	positive
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .	positive
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	positive
passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road .	negative
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .	negative
a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .	positive
its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .	negative
morvern rocks .	positive
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	positive
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .	positive
a coarse and stupid gross-out .	negative
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	negative
the story has little wit and no surprises .	negative
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	positive
truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before .	negative
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful .	negative
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	positive
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .	negative
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	negative
it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything .	positive
i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	negative
a workshop mentality prevails .	negative
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	positive
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .	negative
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .	positive
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance	positive
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	positive
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	positive
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .	positive
handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl .	negative
a joyous occasion	positive
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '	positive
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	negative
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos .	negative
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .	negative
nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .	positive
maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this .	negative
ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .	positive
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .	negative
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	negative
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .	negative
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort	negative
there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .	negative
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat .	positive
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	negative
it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style .	negative
it's all a rather shapeless good time . . .	positive
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .	negative
fails to bring as much to the table .	negative
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .	positive
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .	negative
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	negative
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	negative
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . .	negative
opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .	positive
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	positive
it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .	negative
mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	negative
why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ?	negative
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	negative
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance .	positive
brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	negative
mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	positive
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	positive
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement .	negative
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	negative
cusack's just brilliant in this .	positive
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .	positive
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	positive
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose .	negative
all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	positive
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	positive
. . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .	positive
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	negative
do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .	negative
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .	negative
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result doesn't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .	negative
all too familiar . . . basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when 'angels with dirty faces' appeared in 1938 .	negative
refreshing .	positive
. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	positive
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	positive
the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .	negative
the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	positive
a surprisingly funny movie .	positive
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	positive
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza , there's nothing here to match that movie's intermittent moments of inspiration .	negative
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	positive
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	positive
has its moments , but it's pretty far from a treasure .	negative
the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .	negative
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .	positive
beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	negative
a beautiful paean to a time long past .	positive
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	negative
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	positive
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	negative
a incompetncia de marcus adams como roteirista s  superada por sua pssima direo .	negative
nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	positive
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .	positive
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script	negative
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .	negative
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	negative
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .	negative
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .	negative
. . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .	positive
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .	negative
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	positive
make like the title and dodge this one .	negative
ultimate x is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .	positive
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary .	negative
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod .	positive
"none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with "" xxx "" is that its own action isn't very effective ."	negative
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it .	positive
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	negative
[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	negative
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was .	positive
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut .	negative
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	positive
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating .	negative
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .	negative
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .	negative
one from the heart .	positive
egoyan's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .	negative
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	positive
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	negative
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood .	negative
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh .	negative
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .	negative
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you don't have to .	negative
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichs , depression and bad alternative music .	negative
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .	positive
. . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .	positive
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	negative
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .	positive
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .	positive
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .	positive
. . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	positive
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	positive
[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	negative
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	positive
[cuarn has] created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .	positive
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	positive
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .	negative
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .	negative
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen .	positive
the creative animation work may not look as fully 'rendered' as pixar's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	positive
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	negative
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	positive
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	negative
"this is no "" waterboy ! """	negative
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	positive
moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out .	positive
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .	negative
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .	negative
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	negative
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .	positive
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .	positive
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .	positive
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made .	negative
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .	positive
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .	positive
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	negative
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	negative
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day .	negative
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	positive
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . .	positive
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ?	negative
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	positive
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .	negative
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .	positive
if it's another regurgitated action movie you're after , there's no better film than half past dead .	negative
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .	negative
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .	negative
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	positive
go , girls , right down the reality drain .	negative
. . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .	negative
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then .	negative
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	positive
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	positive
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	negative
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .	negative
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	negative
every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them .	negative
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd .	negative
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .	positive
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .	positive
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .	positive
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .	negative
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .	positive
like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .	positive
for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	negative
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	negative
'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '	positive
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	positive
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .	positive
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay .	negative
though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .	negative
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	positive
if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	positive
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	positive
we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .	positive
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	positive
i'm guessing the director is a magician . after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	negative
by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .	negative
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .	positive
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .	positive
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company .	negative
'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	negative
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .	positive
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	negative
it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	negative
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .	positive
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .	positive
disturbing and brilliant documentary .	positive
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	positive
. . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .	positive
the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't .	positive
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	negative
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites .	negative
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	negative
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?	negative
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	negative
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998's whatever .	positive
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut .	negative
paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	negative
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .	positive
the modern remake of dumas's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .	positive
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	negative
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role .	negative
it's definitely a step in the right direction .	positive
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .	negative
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video .	negative
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .	positive
pretty good little movie .	positive
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie .	negative
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	positive
an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .	positive
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .	negative
despite its title , amy's orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .	negative
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .	negative
'this movie sucks . '	negative
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	positive
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .	negative
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .	positive
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown .	negative
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	negative
there aren't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv .	negative
no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .	negative
the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but  in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has  ironically - distanced us from the characters .	positive
a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .	negative
has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	negative
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	positive
it's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	positive
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	positive
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .	positive
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	positive
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	negative
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	negative
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	positive
neither revelatory nor truly edgy--merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	negative
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	negative
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .	negative
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .	positive
it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .	positive
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .	positive
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	positive
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	negative
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .	negative
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	negative
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	positive
oh , james ! your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna's cameo doesn't suck !	positive
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	negative
daring and beautifully made .	positive
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	negative
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .	positive
ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism .	negative
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	positive
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .	positive
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	negative
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters .	negative
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they're not exactly flattering .	negative
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '	negative
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .	positive
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	negative
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	positive
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .	positive
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) .	negative
it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	positive
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .	negative
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	positive
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	positive
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	positive
culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .	negative
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .	positive
it's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	positive
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	positive
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	negative
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	positive
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .	positive
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	positive
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .	negative
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .	positive
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	positive
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	negative
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .	negative
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmmmight i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	negative
whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .	negative
while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	negative
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .	negative
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .	positive
for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .	negative
'tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '	positive
mattei's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .	negative
sex with strangers is fascinating . . .	positive
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .	negative
[ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	positive
feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .	negative
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	positive
whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something .	positive
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .	positive
it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	positive
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas .	negative
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true .	positive
"when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , "" real women have curves "" is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams ."	positive
it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows .	negative
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	negative
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	positive
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true .	positive
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	negative
lame , haphazard teen comedy .	negative
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .	positive
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .	positive
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece .	positive
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less- than-likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler's been attached to before .	positive
"dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become "" the punk kids' revolution . """	positive
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	positive
apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director , y apuestas bien fundadas , pues la suerte ya la tiene , y la cinta lo comprueba . . . .	positive
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	positive
a lot smarter than your average bond .	positive
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) .	positive
not so much farcical as sour .	negative
it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .	positive
knows how to make our imagination wonder .	positive
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	negative
chicago pode at ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como  ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direo contrria  evoluo dos musicais .	positive
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	negative
'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances .	negative
it's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesn't think about percentages all day long .	negative
norton is magnetic as graham .	positive
spare yet audacious . . .	positive
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	negative
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	positive
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .	positive
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential .	negative
two hours of junk .	negative
there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	negative
the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .	negative
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	negative
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	positive
whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .	positive
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	negative
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	positive
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	positive
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	positive
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .	negative
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .	negative
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .	negative
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .	negative
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .	positive
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .	positive
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	negative
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	negative
it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making .	negative
wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand .	negative
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	positive
khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .	positive
what would jesus do if he was a film director ? he'd create a movie better than this .	negative
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	positive
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la	positive
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .	negative
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .	positive
it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies .	positive
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	positive
to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .	positive
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .	positive
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology .	positive
shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .	negative
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	negative
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	positive
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .	negative
earnest but heavy-handed .	negative
a stylish thriller .	positive
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	negative
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	positive
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . so here it is : it's about a family of sour immortals .	negative
see it now , before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .	positive
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '	positive
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid .	negative
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	negative
""" the kid stays in the picture "" is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat ."	negative
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	negative
proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .	positive
lovely and poignant . puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .	positive
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	negative
much monkeyfun for all .	positive
every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .	positive
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	positive
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .	negative
schmaltzy and unfunny , adam sandler's cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad , little nicky bad , 10 worst list bad .	negative
nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done .	negative
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .	negative
to the degree that ivans xtc . works , it's thanks to huston's revelatory performance .	positive
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .	positive
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	positive
arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	positive
a taut , intelligent psychological drama .	positive
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were .	negative
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	positive
it's easy to love robin tunney -- she's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	negative
davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is .	negative
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to don't look back .	positive
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?	positive
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	negative
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create .	negative
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .	positive
too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash .	negative
it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing .	positive
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . nevertheless , it still seems endless .	negative
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	positive
philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .	negative
if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler .	negative
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .	positive
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	positive
. . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	negative
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .	negative
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks .	negative
if you've the patience , there are great rewards here .	positive
leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .	negative
largely a for-fans artifact .	negative
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks .	negative
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny .	negative
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin .	negative
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .	positive
. . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	positive
if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it .	positive
for anyone who grew up on disney's 1950 treasure island , or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .	negative
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .	positive
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either .	negative
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	positive
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	negative
formula 51 is so trite that even yu's high-energy action stylings can't break through the stupor .	negative
as if drop dead gorgeous wasn't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	negative
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	positive
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses .	positive
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	negative
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	negative
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	positive
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .	positive
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy .	negative
wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together	negative
flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps .	positive
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .	positive
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	positive
pray has really done his subject justice .	positive
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough .	positive
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	negative
it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame .	negative
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .	negative
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .	positive
it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough .	positive
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .	positive
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .	positive
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .	negative
it's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .	negative
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .	positive
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	positive
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) .	negative
i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno .	negative
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .	negative
i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem .	negative
in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .	negative
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . then lower them a bit more .	negative
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .	negative
i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .	positive
it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks .	positive
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel .	positive
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .	positive
. . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful .	negative
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	positive
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin' .	positive
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	negative
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	positive
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .	negative
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .	negative
"downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a "" cooler "" pg-13 rating ."	negative
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	positive
it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious .	negative
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .	negative
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	negative
director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question .	positive
the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	negative
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .	negative
two hours fly by -- opera's a pleasure when you don't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .	positive
like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .	positive
"the gorgeously elaborate continuation of "" the lord of the rings "" trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth ."	positive
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	negative
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .	positive
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it .	negative
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .	negative
aan opportunity wasted .	negative
. . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .	negative
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	negative
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	positive
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	positive
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	positive
it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .	negative
u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .	positive
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	positive
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half .	negative
it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too .	negative
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .	positive
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .	negative
it's a charming and often affecting journey .	positive
a journey that's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which hoffman's brilliance almost makes worth taking .	negative
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	positive
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .	negative
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	positive
there aren't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys .	positive
'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived .	negative
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	negative
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources , bad mixture	negative
the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .	negative
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .	negative
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	negative
i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	negative
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .	negative
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .	negative
it's jagger's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .	positive
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title .	positive
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .	positive
though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	positive
completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	negative
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will .	negative
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	positive
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs . there can be no other explanation . hilariously inept and ridiculous .	negative
charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .	negative
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .	positive
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .	negative
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .	negative
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	positive
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	negative
an impeccable study in perversity .	positive
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	negative
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again .	positive
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .	negative
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .	positive
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	positive
it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .	positive
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .	negative
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .	positive
it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .	negative
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	positive
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .	positive
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	positive
goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .	positive
a well-executed spy-thriller .	positive
. . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .	positive
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	positive
[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .	negative
"another one of those estrogen overdose movies like "" divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , "" except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better ."	positive
[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .	positive
pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	positive
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .	negative
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .	positive
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	positive
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much .	positive
a film that will enthrall the whole family .	positive
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure .	negative
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . .	negative
""" an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . """	negative
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	positive
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot .	positive
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .	positive
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .	positive
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .	negative
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .	positive
below is well below expectations .	negative
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .	positive
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more .	positive
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .	positive
"an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive "" missing thing . """	positive
whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .	negative
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	negative
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	positive
meandering and confusing .	negative
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	negative
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .	negative
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue .	negative
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !	positive
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .	positive
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .	positive
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it .	negative
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .	negative
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , karen sprecher , don't seem ever to run out of ideas .	positive
a decidedly mixed bag .	negative
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .	positive
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	positive
whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .	negative
exhilarating but blatantly biased .	positive
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	positive
it's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . no , it's the repetition of said behavior , and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .	negative
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .	positive
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	negative
a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .	positive
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .	positive
a wonderful , ghastly film .	positive
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	positive
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	positive
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	negative
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .	positive
it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously .	positive
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	negative
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .	positive
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .	positive
there's plenty to impress about e . t .	positive
[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .	negative
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis .	positive
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . .	negative
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .	negative
episode ii-- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .	negative
it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	positive
doesn't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces . . . that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .	negative
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .	positive
it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	positive
the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .	negative
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen .	positive
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	positive
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .	negative
unfortunately , carvey's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .	negative
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	positive
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .	negative
so-so entertainment .	negative
"but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps "" being earnest "" overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . ."	positive
you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .	negative
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .	negative
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .	negative
viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .	negative
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	positive
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	negative
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	positive
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	positive
quite frankly , i can't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	negative
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	positive
a perceptive , good-natured movie .	positive
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	negative
while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .	positive
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	negative
a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '	negative
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	positive
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .	positive
light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .	positive
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	positive
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .	negative
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . .	positive
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .	positive
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .	negative
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .	positive
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	positive
a model of what films like this should be like .	positive
rarely has a film's title served such dire warning .	negative
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	positive
far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place . . . innocent and well-meaning .	positive
"my little eye is the best little "" horror "" movie i've seen in years ."	positive
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .	negative
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen .	negative
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	negative
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .	positive
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .	positive
"puportedly "" based on true events , "" a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is "" based on a true story "" with a straight face ."	negative
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this .	negative
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	positive
sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments .	positive
"it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : "" got aids yet ? """	negative
"director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the "" miami vice "" checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash ."	negative
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .	negative
worthy of the gong .	negative
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn .	positive
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	negative
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it's not clear whether we're supposed to shriek or laugh .	negative
the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	negative
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	positive
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .	positive
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	positive
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .	negative
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .	negative
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .	positive
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .	negative
it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .	positive
tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club .	negative
a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	negative
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	negative
i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold .	positive
take away the controversy , and it's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .	negative
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong's versatile stanley kwan .	positive
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .	negative
moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe .	positive
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .	negative
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	positive
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .	positive
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .	negative
charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling .	positive
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .	negative
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .	positive
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	negative
it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .	positive
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	negative
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .	positive
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . .	positive
low comedy doesn't come much lower .	negative
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	positive
there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent .	positive
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	positive
it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	negative
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	negative
it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .	negative
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	positive
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	negative
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .	positive
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film .	positive
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .	positive
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	positive
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation .	negative
a delightful coming-of-age story .	positive
the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .	negative
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco . . .	positive
you just know something terrible is going to happen . but when it does , you're entirely unprepared .	positive
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	positive
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial .	negative
deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film .	positive
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	positive
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .	positive
something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	negative
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	positive
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	positive
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what's possible and what we might do to make it so .	positive
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .	positive
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .	positive
brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .	negative
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .	positive
the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .	positive
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	negative
though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .	negative
sweet and memorable film .	positive
like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	negative
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .	negative
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .	negative
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon .	positive
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	positive
""" feardotcom "" has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker ."	negative
does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters	negative
as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable .	negative
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .	positive
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it .	negative
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?	positive
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	positive
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .	negative
a potent allegorical love story .	positive
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	positive
wait for it to hit cable .	negative
at the very least , if you don't know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater , you won't know much more when you leave .	negative
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .	negative
a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save .	negative
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	positive
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	positive
this time kaufman's imagination has failed him .	negative
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .	positive
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	negative
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	negative
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	negative
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense .	negative
what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ?	negative
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	negative
rifkin's references are . . . impeccable throughout .	positive
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic .	negative
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's .	negative
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding	negative
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	positive
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died .	negative
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	negative
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .	negative
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being .	negative
ferrara's best film in years .	positive
a relative letdown .	negative
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .	negative
it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock .	negative
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .	negative
[toback's] fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard . . . blends uneasily with the titillating material .	negative
lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .	negative
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .	positive
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?	negative
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain .	positive
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .	negative
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	positive
"with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller "" new best friend "" , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills ."	negative
i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .	positive
a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity .	positive
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	positive
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness .	positive
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film .	positive
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	positive
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	negative
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age .	negative
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .	positive
to my taste , the film's comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation .	negative
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .	positive
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	negative
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	negative
. . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .	negative
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	negative
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth .	positive
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .	negative
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	negative
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?	positive
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .	negative
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic .	negative
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	negative
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	positive
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	negative
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer's block ever .	positive
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .	positive
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .	negative
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part .	positive
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	negative
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '	positive
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see .	positive
nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too .	negative
. . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .	negative
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .	negative
a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .	negative
degenerates into hogwash .	negative
the more kevin costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them .	negative
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	negative
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	positive
it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .	positive
the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	positive
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	positive
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	positive
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	positive
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	positive
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	negative
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .	positive
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness .	positive
the film is one of the year's best .	positive
all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi .	negative
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .	negative
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	positive
this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	positive
an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .	positive
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .	positive
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .	positive
. . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	negative
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary .	positive
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .	negative
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight .	negative
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .	positive
the photographer's show-don't-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .	negative
"did we really need a remake of "" charade ? """	negative
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	positive
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	positive
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	negative
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	positive
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	negative
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	negative
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	positive
brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition .	positive
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told .	negative
[an] absorbing documentary .	positive
the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design .	negative
if you're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . personally , i'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	negative
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .	negative
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	negative
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	positive
. . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor .	negative
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble .	negative
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .	negative
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	positive
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	positive
if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .	positive
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	negative
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	negative
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	negative
the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .	positive
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	negative
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	positive
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .	positive
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	negative
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	positive
a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .	positive
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	positive
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six .	negative
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .	negative
a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .	negative
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	positive
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	positive
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	positive
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .	negative
. . . a guiltless film for nice evening out .	positive
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .	negative
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	positive
draggin' about dragons	negative
the film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .	positive
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .	negative
what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal .	negative
it's hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .	negative
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .	positive
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .	negative
sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films .	negative
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .	negative
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	positive
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	positive
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .	positive
[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .	negative
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .	positive
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	positive
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	negative
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	negative
it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	positive
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	positive
if you're burnt out on it's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you're looking for . it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	positive
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	positive
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	positive
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .	positive
although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .	positive
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	positive
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	positive
benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .	negative
it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	negative
this is really just another genre picture .	negative
bland but harmless .	negative
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	negative
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .	negative
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .	positive
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	negative
when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean .	negative
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	positive
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .	positive
it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	positive
[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .	negative
it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire .	negative
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .	positive
. . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	negative
a muted freak-out	positive
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	negative
while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .	negative
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	positive
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	positive
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	negative
it's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .	positive
the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .	negative
a loving little film of considerable appeal .	positive
one of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .	negative
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .	positive
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations .	positive
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	positive
the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	negative
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	positive
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	positive
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	positive
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	positive
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .	negative
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	positive
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	positive
"while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that "" gangs "" is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about ."	positive
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .	positive
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .	negative
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .	negative
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	negative
astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	positive
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	positive
a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	negative
trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .	positive
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	positive
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	positive
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	positive
it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull .	negative
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	negative
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .	negative
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue .	positive
it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	negative
la de salma es una versin de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningn contenido .	negative
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	positive
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	positive
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story .	negative
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	negative
i hate this movie	negative
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	positive
if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	negative
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times .	negative
the film doesn't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .	negative
it is definitely worth seeing .	positive
"it's the sweet cinderella story that "" pretty woman "" wanted to be ."	positive
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	positive
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '	negative
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	negative
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	positive
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	negative
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .	positive
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	negative
this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .	negative
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry .	negative
adaptation is simply brilliant .	positive
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .	negative
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ?	positive
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .	positive
"[ "" safe conduct "" ] is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance !"	positive
with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .	positive
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .	positive
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	negative
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	negative
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	negative
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	positive
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one .	negative
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .	positive
. . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .	negative
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .	positive
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	negative
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	positive
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .	positive
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	negative
competently directed but terminally cute drama .	negative
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other .	positive
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .	positive
the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .	positive
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	positive
it's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .	negative
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	negative
[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .	negative
[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	positive
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	positive
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens .	negative
bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .	positive
there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .	negative
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .	positive
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .	negative
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .	positive
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .	negative
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	negative
mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	positive
if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that .	positive
renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . see it for his performance if nothing else .	positive
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet and sophistication .	positive
this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .	positive
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?	negative
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .	negative
nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	positive
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	positive
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	positive
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	positive
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	positive
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	negative
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	negative
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women's expense .	negative
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .	negative
it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .	positive
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been .	negative
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	negative
astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .	negative
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .	positive
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .	positive
it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part .	negative
if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie .	negative
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days	positive
ali's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .	positive
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	positive
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that .	positive
it's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	negative
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	positive
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .	positive
it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' .	positive
adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	negative
the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .	positive
"yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally "" superior "" friends , family . . ."	negative
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	positive
i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .	negative
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	negative
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g	negative
a very average science fiction film .	negative
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .	positive
people cinema at its finest .	positive
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .	negative
matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .	positive
the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .	negative
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	positive
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	positive
"showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant "" if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny "" syndrome ."	negative
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .	negative
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	negative
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	negative
. . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume .	positive
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years .	positive
i loved the look of this film .	positive
the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .	negative
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .	negative
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	positive
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	positive
""" . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . """	positive
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	positive
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .	negative
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one .	negative
it's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that's often written off as indie film naturalism .	negative
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there	negative
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .	positive
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering .	positive
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	negative
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	positive
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	positive
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .	positive
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash	positive
these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .	negative
. . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .	positive
the gags are often a stitch .	positive
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	positive
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .	positive
it's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .	positive
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .	negative
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .	negative
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	positive
one of the worst films of 2002 .	negative
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really isn't .	positive
it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	positive
[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .	negative
only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	negative
this thing is virtually unwatchable .	negative
it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .	positive
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen .	negative
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .	positive
one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	positive
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power .	positive
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	negative
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .	positive
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end .	negative
i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .	positive
there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .	positive
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	negative
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option .	negative
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	positive
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	positive
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha .	negative
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .	negative
if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	positive
it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match .	positive
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .	positive
meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .	negative
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .	positive
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	negative
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one .	positive
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah .	negative
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '	negative
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	positive
this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review .	positive
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	negative
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	positive
intelligent and moving .	positive
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	positive
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	negative
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given .	positive
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	positive
it bites hard .	negative
a smart little indie .	positive
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	negative
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .	positive
it can't decide if it wants to be a mystery/thriller , a romance or a comedy .	negative
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing .	negative
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .	positive
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .	positive
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .	positive
an ambitious movie that , like shiner's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that don't come off .	positive
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	negative
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	positive
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	negative
there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichd , doddering , misogynistic boy's club .	negative
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .	positive
"faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , "" a walk to remember "" succeeds through sincerity ."	positive
caso voc sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do trmino da projeo , no se preocupe : ningum lhe enviar penas simbolizando covardia .	negative
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	positive
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't .	positive
even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	negative
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	positive
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a direct-to-video' release .	positive
like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	negative
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .	negative
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	positive
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	negative
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	negative
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession  one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	positive
more a gunfest than a rock concert .	negative
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .	positive
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	positive
it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	negative
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	negative
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama .	positive
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	negative
. . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not .	positive
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back .	positive
this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life .	negative
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	negative
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .	negative
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	negative
scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .	negative
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .	negative
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .	negative
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	positive
the all-french cast is marveilleux .	positive
a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	negative
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	negative
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .	positive
amid the clich and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .	negative
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	positive
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included	negative
lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .	positive
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	positive
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal .	positive
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .	positive
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .	positive
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year . . . a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that isn't afraid to admit it doesn't have all the answers .	positive
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture .	negative
davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .	positive
another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .	negative
yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ?	negative
cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	negative
"a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than "" memento """	positive
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man .	positive
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	positive
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise .	positive
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring	negative
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .	negative
charming , if overly complicated . . .	negative
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .	positive
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .	negative
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .	negative
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart .	negative
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $99 bargain-basement special .	negative
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .	negative
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .	positive
authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	negative
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . a little uneven to be the cat's meow , but it's good enough to be the purr .	positive
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .	negative
oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .	negative
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .	positive
[a] stale retread of the '53 original .	negative
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	positive
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there .	positive
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	positive
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .	negative
dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one .	negative
white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	negative
for all its problems . . . the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring . . . which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	positive
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	negative
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .	positive
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired .	negative
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	negative
too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization .	negative
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .	positive
the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids .	negative
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .	negative
. . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits .	negative
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	negative
even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .	negative
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	negative
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .	positive
his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .	negative
it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	positive
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .	positive
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	positive
the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based .	positive
best indie of the year , so far .	positive
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it doesn't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .	positive
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	positive
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	negative
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?	negative
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .	positive
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out .	positive
the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .	negative
. . . jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just isn't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead's specific gifts .	negative
as it turns out , you can go home again .	positive
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors .	positive
velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .	negative
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .	negative
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .	negative
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	positive
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .	positive
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . i also believe that resident evil is not it .	negative
. . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .	negative
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	positive
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .	positive
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .	positive
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous .	positive
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .	negative
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .	negative
energetic and boldly provocative .	positive
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris , not to mention sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate fire's bright side .	negative
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .	negative
looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon .	positive
[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .	negative
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	negative
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	positive
. . . no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	negative
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .	positive
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .	positive
may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .	positive
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .	negative
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	positive
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .	positive
( a ) hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohman's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . .	positive
not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .	positive
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters .	negative
the story really has no place to go since simone is not realshe can't provide any conflict .	negative
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	negative
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films .	positive
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .	positive
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .	positive
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	positive
goes on and on to the point of nausea .	negative
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .	positive
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .	positive
this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon .	negative
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .	positive
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	positive
it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift .	positive
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .	negative
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .	positive
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	positive
it tells more than it shows .	negative
it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .	positive
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	negative
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	negative
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	negative
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	negative
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 .	negative
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .	negative
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	positive
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	negative
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films .	negative
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema .	positive
a sophomoric exploration of 'life problems' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .	negative
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm	positive
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	positive
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor .	positive
. . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )	positive
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	positive
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	positive
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	negative
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	negative
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	positive
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	negative
[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .	negative
the story itself is actually quite vapid .	negative
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program .	negative
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . they just don't work in concert .	positive
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	negative
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .	positive
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	negative
more maudlin than sharp .	negative
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	positive
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	negative
although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .	negative
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving . . .	positive
a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work .	positive
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .	negative
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .	positive
home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice .	negative
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .	positive
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail .	negative
everyone's to blame here .	negative
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .	negative
there's not enough to sustain the comedy .	negative
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .	positive
just like hearst's enormous yacht , it's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .	negative
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .	positive
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	negative
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	negative
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate .	negative
mordantly funny and intimately knowing . . .	positive
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense .	positive
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .	negative
the problem with all of this : it's not really funny .	negative
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	positive
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .	positive
sexy and romantic .	positive
the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	negative
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .	negative
an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .	negative
what's surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .	positive
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	positive
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .	positive
reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .	positive
the good is very , very good . . . the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .	negative
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green's half-hearted movie career .	negative
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil	negative
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who's being conned right up to the finale .	positive
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .	positive
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .	positive
the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .	negative
if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness .	positive
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick .	negative
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .	negative
fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	positive
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	negative
despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	positive
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	positive
a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley .	positive
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .	negative
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .	negative
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down .	positive
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	positive
an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief .	positive
foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .	positive
""" men in black ii , "" has all the earmarks of a sequel . the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?"	negative
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot	positive
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	negative
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .	positive
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .	negative
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	negative
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	positive
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .	negative
a serviceable euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom  handguns , bmws and seaside chateaus .	positive
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny .	negative
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	positive
ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .	negative
[fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills	positive
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .	positive
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	positive
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	negative
it virtually defines a comedy that's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .	negative
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .	negative
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	negative
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	negative
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .	positive
""" one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? "" um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ?"	negative
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie .	negative
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amlie .	negative
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	positive
bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any 'reality' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .	positive
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	negative
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .	negative
given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .	negative
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	positive
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	positive
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	positive
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .	positive
it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	negative
"if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of "" the isle "" you'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else ."	positive
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .	positive
". . . post-september 11 , "" the sum of all fears "" seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves ."	negative
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr . lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	positive
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	negative
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .	negative
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	negative
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .	positive
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons !	positive
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .	positive
[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .	negative
. it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .	positive
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .	negative
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .	negative
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them .	negative
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .	positive
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .	positive
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .	negative
morton is , as usual , brilliant .	positive
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	negative
. . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .	negative
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	positive
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	positive
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation .	positive
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	positive
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	positive
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	negative
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .	positive
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before .	negative
[a] stuporously solemn film .	negative
impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	negative
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .	positive
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .	negative
the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .	positive
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .	positive
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .	positive
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . but one thing's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .	negative
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	negative
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	positive
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .	negative
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan	positive
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	positive
malcolm mcdowell is cool . paul bettany is cool . paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ? cool .	positive
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	negative
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive .	positive
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .	positive
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .	positive
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .	negative
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .	negative
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	positive
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .	positive
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	negative
a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .	negative
rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .	positive
"the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any "" jackass "" fan could want ."	positive
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	negative
with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	positive
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .	negative
amazingly dopey .	negative
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .	positive
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .	positive
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .	negative
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale  as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .	positive
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	positive
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller .	positive
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	positive
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	positive
jeffrey tambor's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .	positive
i don't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but don't treat me like a fool .	negative
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	negative
. . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .	positive
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	negative
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	positive
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .	positive
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double .	negative
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	positive
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	negative
ah-nuld's action hero days might be over .	negative
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	positive
it's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .	positive
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr .	positive
"has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a "" 2 "" at the end of its title ."	positive
better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations .	positive
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .	positive
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .	positive
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	positive
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	positive
hollywood's answer to an air ball .	negative
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	negative
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke .	positive
pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .	negative
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	negative
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .	positive
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	negative
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell .	negative
[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too .	positive
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	negative
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .	negative
bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .	negative
"at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , "" i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . "" congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !"	positive
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .	positive
"it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its "" dead wife communicating from beyond the grave "" framework is even remotely new or interesting ."	negative
national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats .	negative
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .	negative
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .	positive
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad .	negative
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .	negative
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	negative
slackers' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	negative
a film that loses sight of its own story .	negative
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	negative
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	negative
mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	negative
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	positive
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .	negative
if you can push on through the slow spots , you'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	positive
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	negative
clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	positive
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	positive
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's .	positive
no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences .	negative
girls gone wild and gone civil again	positive
. . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention .	negative
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to .	negative
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	negative
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .	positive
it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .	positive
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes .	positive
[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .	positive
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	negative
donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .	negative
schneidermeister . . . makin' a fool of himself . . . losin' his fan base . . .	negative
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .	negative
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .	negative
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	negative
a little too pat for its own good .	negative
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	positive
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone .	positive
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .	positive
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	positive
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	negative
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	negative
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .	negative
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .	negative
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '	positive
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	negative
the best film of the year 2002 .	positive
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .	negative
meanders between its powerful moments .	negative
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .	negative
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	positive
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	negative
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	positive
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .	positive
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .	positive
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .	positive
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .	positive
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	positive
. . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	positive
it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison .	negative
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .	negative
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	positive
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	positive
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .	negative
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	positive
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel .	positive
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .	negative
witless and utterly pointless .	negative
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	positive
. . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	positive
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .	positive
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	negative
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	positive
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	positive
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .	positive
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	positive
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	positive
""" simone "" is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality ."	positive
not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .	negative
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .	positive
"almost as offensive as "" freddy got fingered . """	negative
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	negative
dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . .	positive
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	negative
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	positive
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know .	positive
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong .	positive
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 .	negative
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	negative
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	positive
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	positive
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	positive
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	positive
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	positive
"if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be "" how does steven seagal come across these days ? "" or maybe "" how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?"	negative
". . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its "" men in a sardine can "" warped logic ."	positive
despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .	negative
just not campy enough	negative
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	negative
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	positive
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .	negative
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	positive
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	negative
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . .	negative
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen .	positive
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	positive
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .	negative
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .	negative
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they aren't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .	negative
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour .	positive
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away .	negative
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	negative
a tone poem of transgression .	positive
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	negative
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	positive
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play .	positive
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life .	negative
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	positive
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .	positive
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .	positive
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	positive
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .	negative
a good piece of work more often than not .	positive
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	positive
writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	positive
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience .	negative
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .	negative
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence .	negative
narc is all menace and atmosphere .	negative
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .	negative
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve .	positive
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .	negative
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	negative
the piano teacher is not an easy film . it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	positive
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .	negative
well-meant but unoriginal .	negative
lead actress ga , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .	positive
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	positive
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	positive
the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	positive
the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .	positive
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	negative
the film is strictly routine .	negative
mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .	negative
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	positive
rates an 'e' for effort -- and a 'b' for boring .	negative
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	negative
though the story . . . is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	positive
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .	positive
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	negative
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	positive
majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .	positive
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images .	positive
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville .	negative
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .	positive
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that .	positive
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	negative
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	positive
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .	negative
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . .	positive
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight .	negative
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	positive
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .	negative
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	positive
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?	negative
it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old .	negative
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .	positive
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	positive
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	positive
"the talents of the actors helps "" moonlight mile "" rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing ."	positive
the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor	positive
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	positive
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye .	positive
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad .	positive
. . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .	positive
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	positive
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .	negative
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity . . . bisset is both convincing and radiant .	positive
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	negative
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision .	positive
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .	positive
a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much .	negative
visually striking and viscerally repellent .	positive
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	positive
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .	negative
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably wouldn't be too crazy with his great-grandson's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	negative
while guzmn frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .	positive
"the only thing "" swept away "" is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time ."	negative
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .	positive
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .	negative
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .	negative
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	negative
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .	negative
it's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	positive
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	negative
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	positive
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . it risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .	positive
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	negative
the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .	negative
greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .	positive
the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .	positive
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	negative
it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it .	negative
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	positive
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	negative
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .	negative
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	positive
fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .	negative
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	negative
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	positive
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '	negative
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is .	positive
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	positive
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .	positive
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .	positive
wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .	negative
to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .	negative
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '	negative
[morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism .	negative
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .	negative
not once does it come close to being exciting .	negative
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	positive
generic thriller junk . teens only .	negative
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	positive
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .	positive
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	negative
an uninspired preachy and clichd war film .	negative
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	negative
it's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .	positive
a noble failure .	negative
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	negative
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost .	negative
thin period piece .	negative
as we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- jason is a killer who doesn't know the meaning of the word 'quit . ' the filmmakers might want to look it up .	negative
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .	positive
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	positive
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .	positive
dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .	negative
the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .	positive
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .	negative
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	negative
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	positive
as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .	positive
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches .	positive
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .	negative
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	positive
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	positive
andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .	positive
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .	positive
an intoxicating experience .	positive
this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now .	negative
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .	negative
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .	positive
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .	positive
boring and meandering .	negative
this isn't a movie ; it's a symptom .	negative
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos hadn't blown them all up .	negative
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	negative
you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both .	positive
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .	positive
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .	positive
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	negative
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .	positive
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	negative
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .	negative
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	positive
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .	positive
escapism in its purest form .	positive
it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .	positive
a tv episode inflated past its natural length .	negative
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	positive
breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	negative
"while not quite "" shrek "" or monsters , inc . "" , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to ."	positive
drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .	negative
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .	negative
well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .	negative
the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	positive
a small movie with a big impact .	positive
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .	positive
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle .	positive
you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh .	positive
[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .	positive
"maybe leblanc thought , "" hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . """	negative
might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .	negative
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there's still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .	negative
a dreary movie .	negative
in the end , there isn't much to it .	negative
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	positive
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	positive
don't even bother to rent this on video .	negative
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms .	negative
a supernatural mystery that doesn't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	negative
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	negative
banal and predictable .	negative
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	negative
if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film .	negative
visually captivating .	positive
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .	negative
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	negative
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .	negative
. . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .	negative
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	positive
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .	negative
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end .	negative
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	positive
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .	positive
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie . . . is that he obviously doesn't have his heart in it .	negative
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i'd care to count .	negative
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	positive
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they're simply not funny performers .	negative
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	negative
as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .	positive
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .	positive
circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets .	negative
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .	negative
it represents better-than-average movie-making that doesn't demand a dumb , distracted audience .	positive
can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center .	negative
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .	positive
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	positive
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections .	negative
like kubrick , soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	positive
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	positive
"even if you've seen "" stomp "" ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !"	positive
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , [harris] brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	positive
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .	negative
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	positive
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	positive
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .	negative
jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	positive
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women .	negative
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .	positive
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	positive
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	positive
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .	positive
"the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true "" us "" versus "" them "" ."	positive
literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes .	negative
painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances .	positive
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice .	negative
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants .	negative
ecks this one off your must-see list .	negative
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	positive
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history .	positive
accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue isn't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .	negative
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	negative
"is "" ballistic "" worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer ."	negative
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	negative
i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story .	negative
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	positive
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .	negative
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .	positive
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	positive
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .	positive
began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .	negative
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .	negative
[a] slummer .	negative
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and joan's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr .	negative
i admired this work a lot .	positive
smart and taut .	positive
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	negative
when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	negative
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away .	positive
a worthwhile way to spend two hours .	positive
never comes together as a coherent whole .	negative
parker probably thinks he's shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss wilde's still-contemporary play .	negative
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .	negative
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	positive
a fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star , frankie muniz .	negative
"director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of "" the longest yard "" playbook like a checklist ."	negative
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	negative
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	positive
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .	negative
cold , nervy and memorable .	positive
. . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .	negative
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	positive
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	positive
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	positive
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .	negative
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice .	negative
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .	negative
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man .	positive
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .	positive
less than fresh .	negative
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .	negative
. . . very funny , very enjoyable . . .	positive
it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .	positive
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .	negative
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing .	negative
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .	positive
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .	positive
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .	positive
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .	negative
'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '	positive
sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress .	positive
personal velocity has a no-frills docu-dogma plainness , yet miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire . she boxes these women's souls right open for us .	positive
sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	positive
[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . .	negative
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .	negative
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	positive
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .	positive
no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	negative
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets	positive
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	positive
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	positive
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	positive
will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ?	negative
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	positive
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men .	negative
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	negative
it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death	negative
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	negative
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .	positive
the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies .	positive
[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .	negative
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .	positive
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .	negative
disjointed parody .	negative
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .	negative
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .	positive
a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight .	positive
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters .	positive
. . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	positive
frida's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it's among the most breathtakingly designed films i've ever seen .	positive
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further .	positive
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	negative
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .	positive
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .	positive
an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career .	positive
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	positive
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .	positive
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .	negative
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	negative
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe's misunderstanding of marivaux's rhythms , and mira sorvino's limitations as a classical actress .	negative
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	positive
together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .	positive
. . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness .	positive
a smart , witty follow-up .	positive
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh .	positive
it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	positive
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .	positive
both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .	positive
has a plot full of twists upon knots . . . and a nonstop parade of mock-tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .	positive
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .	positive
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	negative
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	positive
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .	positive
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .	negative
it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .	positive
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	negative
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .	negative
it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	positive
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	negative
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .	negative
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .	positive
a picture as erratic as its central character .	negative
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	negative
if sinise's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .	negative
the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .	negative
. . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .	negative
a little weak -- and it isn't that funny .	negative
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .	positive
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say .	negative
the mantra behind the project seems to have been 'it's just a kids' flick . ' translation : 'we don't need to try very hard . '	negative
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	positive
a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .	positive
one of [herzog's] least inspired works .	positive
a tremendous piece of work .	positive
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	negative
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting .	positive
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .	positive
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .	positive
the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .	positive
humor in i spy is so anemic .	negative
it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	positive
""" the tuxedo "" should have been the vehicle for chan that "" the mask "" was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes ."	negative
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	positive
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .	negative
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement .	negative
' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	positive
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	positive
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .	positive
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	negative
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .	negative
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	positive
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .	positive
an empty , purposeless exercise .	negative
this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	positive
well-made but mush-hearted .	negative
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?	negative
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	negative
it is nature against progress . in fessenden's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .	positive
westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing .	positive
walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .	positive
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	negative
by the time we learn that andrew's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt's coven , we can enjoy it anyway .	positive
it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	negative
if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure .	positive
low rent from frame one .	negative
granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .	negative
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act .	positive
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	negative
i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .	negative
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	positive
a gripping drama .	positive
sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .	negative
it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future .	negative
in between all the emotional seesawing , it's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . but they fascinate in their recklessness .	positive
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '	negative
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .	negative
melodrama with a message .	positive
. . . a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .	positive
oozes condescension from every pore .	negative
once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else .	negative
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	negative
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm .	negative
kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers .	positive
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .	negative
. . . while the humor aspects of 'jason x' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .	negative
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	negative
oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material	negative
all in all , a great party .	positive
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .	positive
like the chelsea's denizens . . . burdette's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .	negative
intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .	negative
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .	negative
it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty .	negative
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .	positive
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .	negative
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . .	positive
eight legged freaks won't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love . . .	negative
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	positive
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .	negative
jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .	negative
jir hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .	positive
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere .	negative
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much .	negative
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .	negative
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	positive
has a solid emotional impact .	positive
an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . .	positive
""" what really happened ? "" is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience ."	positive
if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .	negative
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	negative
it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	negative
parker holds true to wilde's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .	positive
it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .	positive
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that doesn't and a thriller that won't .	negative
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	negative
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .	negative
there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .	negative
here's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	negative
it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	negative
in the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .	negative
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .	negative
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .	negative
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .	positive
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .	negative
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources .	negative
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	negative
a film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .	negative
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall .	positive
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	negative
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .	positive
""" sorority boys "" was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad ."	negative
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .	positive
none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .	negative
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .	negative
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .	negative
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	negative
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .	negative
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat .	negative
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	negative
in the end , white oleander isn't an adaptation of a novel . it's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .	negative
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .	positive
mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	positive
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .	negative
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .	positive
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .	negative
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	negative
to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .	negative
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .	negative
. . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	negative
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .	negative
ranks among willams' best screen work .	positive
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .	positive
easier to respect than enthuse over , andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .	positive
about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	negative
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	negative
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	negative
it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering .	negative
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .	negative
allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	positive
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	positive
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted .	positive
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	negative
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	positive
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	positive
""" 13 conversations "" holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point ."	positive
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	negative
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .	positive
it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	negative
. . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .	negative
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .	negative
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking because you get it .	positive
what's most striking about this largely celebratory film . . . is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .	positive
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .	negative
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	negative
another best of the year selection .	positive
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow .	negative
if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	positive
. . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .	negative
nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year .	positive
the streets , shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .	negative
george clooney proves he's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .	positive
. . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .	positive
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	negative
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't .	positive
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .	negative
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .	negative
it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	negative
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .	negative
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .	negative
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry , but the film conjures the magic of author j . k . rowling's books .	positive
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .	positive
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .	positive
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	negative
a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .	negative
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	positive
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	negative
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated .	positive
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them .	negative
so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .	negative
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	negative
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	positive
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .	positive
brave and sweetly rendered love story .	positive
the only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .	negative
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	negative
this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .	positive
it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .	positive
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	positive
schindler's list it ain't .	negative
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	positive
it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile .	positive
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .	positive
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	positive
there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .	negative
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .	positive
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .	negative
uma pena que , mais tarde , o prprio filme abandone o tom de pardia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichs que havia satirizado .	positive
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .	positive
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '	negative
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .	negative
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic .	positive
. curiously , super troopers suffers because it doesn't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	negative
this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .	negative
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .	positive
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	positive
nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .	positive
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned . but no .	negative
. . . too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .	negative
based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story .	positive
vera's three actors -- moll , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .	positive
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	negative
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .	negative
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	negative
[director] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .	negative
i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment .	negative
just isn't as weird as it ought to be .	negative
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products .	negative
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .	positive
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .	positive
warmed-over hash .	negative
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries .	positive
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .	positive
. . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	negative
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	positive
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	negative
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .	negative
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here .	negative
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	positive
a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .	positive
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	negative
with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better .	negative
scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped .	negative
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .	positive
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles .	negative
there's much tongue in cheek in the film and there's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	positive
it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun .	negative
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .	positive
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .	positive
moving and vibrant .	positive
there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .	negative
a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	positive
mr . soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	negative
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .	negative
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	negative
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .	negative
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	negative
an extraordinary dramatic experience .	positive
everything's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	negative
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing .	positive
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .	negative
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ?	negative
. . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .	negative
recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .	positive
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .	positive
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters	positive
exciting and well-paced .	positive
it's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .	negative
"it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , "" look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! "" but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging ."	negative
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	positive
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look .	positive
wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '	negative
it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .	positive
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	positive
the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities .	positive
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	positive
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to diesel's xxx flex-a-thon .	positive
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	negative
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .	negative
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .	positive
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	negative
the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it	negative
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	positive
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	negative
""" white oleander , "" the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material ."	positive
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .	positive
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	negative
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .	negative
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	positive
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	negative
a warm , funny , engaging film .	positive
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director .	positive
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .	negative
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep .	negative
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . it's too bad that the rest isn't more compelling .	negative
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	positive
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	negative
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	positive
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	positive
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	negative
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	positive
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	negative
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .	negative
japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	positive
""" what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , "" one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia ."	negative
"red dragon "" never cuts corners ."	positive
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality	negative
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite .	positive
shrewd but pointless .	negative
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .	positive
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .	positive
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	negative
. . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .	negative
at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .	positive
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	negative
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .	negative
i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .	negative
it's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	negative
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .	positive
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i've seen in a long time .	positive
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	positive
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer	positive
may puzzle his most ardent fans .	negative
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	positive
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .	positive
we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	negative
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	positive
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .	negative
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .	negative
late marriage's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u . s . viewers off their feet .	negative
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure .	positive
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .	negative
[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . .	positive
at times , it actually hurts to watch .	negative
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	negative
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	positive
"it's hard to imagine anybody ever being "" in the mood "" to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started ."	positive
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	positive
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	positive
unwieldy contraption .	negative
lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine .	negative
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	negative
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose's performance .	positive
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible !	negative
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	positive
the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat .	positive
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .	negative
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook .	positive
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	negative
". . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes "" what time is it there ? "" something the true film buff will enjoy ."	positive
not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	negative
griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	positive
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	negative
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	positive
[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .	positive
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	positive
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	positive
a recipe for cinematic disaster . . . part quentin tarantino , part guy ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it's all bad .	negative
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl's life .	positive
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	negative
the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side .	negative
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .	negative
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .	negative
"'frailty "" starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme ."	positive
[jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	positive
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .	positive
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic .	negative
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	positive
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	positive
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .	negative
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	positive
it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	negative
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .	negative
inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .	positive
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	positive
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .	positive
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion .	positive
it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	negative
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	negative
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .	positive
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	negative
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	positive
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , 'this is going to be something really good . ' and it is .	positive
there's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	positive
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	negative
sit through this one , and you won't need a magic watch to stop time ; your dvd player will do it for you .	negative
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	negative
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .	negative
not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it's almost funny .	negative
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press	positive
there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title .	negative
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .	negative
it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .	negative
while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	positive
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .	negative
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	negative
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .	positive
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise !	negative
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	negative
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	positive
""" mr . deeds "" is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought ."	positive
this is a film living far too much in its own head .	negative
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .	positive
uno de los policiales ms interesantes de los ltimos tiempos .	positive
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .	negative
sly , sophisticated and surprising .	positive
feels untidily honest .	positive
credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves	negative
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material .	negative
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	negative
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	positive
'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia flmica imposible de olvidar'	positive
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	negative
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '	positive
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .	positive
amazingly lame .	negative
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	positive
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	positive
strange and beautiful film .	positive
what's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens' deviant behaviour . being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	negative
like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .	negative
lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it .	positive
it's just a little too self-satisfied .	negative
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .	positive
"with "" ichi the killer "" , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . ."	positive
gets better after foster leaves that little room .	negative
while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .	positive
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .	negative
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .	negative
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	negative
no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either .	negative
first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction .	negative
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	positive
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .	negative
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	positive
"as a science fiction movie , "" minority report "" astounds ."	positive
unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .	negative
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .	negative
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	negative
it made me feel unclean , and i'm the guy who liked there's something about mary and both american pie movies . oh , and booty call .	negative
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .	positive
your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .	positive
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	negative
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	negative
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .	positive
[macdowell] ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	negative
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	positive
clever but not especially compelling .	negative
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan jos campanella's reputation in the united states .	positive
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	negative
"it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . "" interview "" loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into ."	negative
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn .	negative
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .	negative
raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	positive
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .	positive
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson's creek , they'll probably run out screaming .	negative
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	positive
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .	positive
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .	negative
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .	negative
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .	negative
". . . a plotline that's as lumpy as two-day old porridge . . . the filmmakers' paws , sad to say , were all over this "" un-bear-able "" project !"	negative
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .	negative
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .	negative
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	positive
. . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen .	positive
[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	negative
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .	negative
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery .	negative
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal .	negative
another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh .	negative
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing .	positive
even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	positive
the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff .	negative
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	negative
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	negative
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .	negative
a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional .	negative
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .	positive
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	positive
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	positive
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	negative
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .	positive
as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .	positive
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	negative
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isn't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	positive
has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .	negative
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	positive
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	negative
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try .	negative
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	negative
tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	negative
a real snooze .	negative
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	negative
"in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a rsum loaded with credits like "" girl in bar #3 . """	negative
a soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .	negative
not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	negative
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .	positive
insightfully written , delicately performed	positive
while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .	negative
they should have called it gutterball .	negative
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .	negative
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .	positive
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	positive
it's just not very smart .	negative
smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .	positive
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .	negative
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . the result might look like vulgar .	negative
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .	positive
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	positive
astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	positive
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in years .	positive
will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .	negative
a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level .	positive
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	negative
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	positive
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .	positive
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	positive
what i saw , i enjoyed .	positive
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .	positive
it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .	positive
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	negative
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .	negative
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .	negative
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	negative
for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .	negative
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	positive
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '	negative
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	negative
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .	negative
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	negative
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	positive
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	positive
farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel .	positive
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie . arnie blows things up .	negative
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere .	positive
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	positive
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .	negative
hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .	positive
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	negative
most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	negative
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	negative
even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	positive
terrible .	negative
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .	negative
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .	negative
consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .	negative
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences the chteau is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .	positive
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though .	positive
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .	negative
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't .	negative
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	positive
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .	positive
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	positive
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust .	negative
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdo do trocadilho ) , no h como negar o brilhantismo da argumentao de seu diretor .	positive
if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .	positive
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .	positive
quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to .	positive
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	positive
cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .	positive
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected .	negative
el ttulo no engaa : la pelcula narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentar cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . .	positive
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	positive
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	positive
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	negative
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	negative
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .	positive
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .	positive
an asian neo-realist treasure .	positive
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .	positive
"the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new "" conan "" and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal ."	positive
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	negative
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle .	negative
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .	positive
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	negative
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .	negative
being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	negative
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .	negative
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .	negative
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .	negative
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	negative
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	negative
contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	positive
cho's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . her delivery and timing are flawless .	positive
by turns very dark and very funny .	positive
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	negative
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time	negative
cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	negative
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .	negative
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	negative
obvious	negative
this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	negative
the comedy is nonexistent .	negative
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .	positive
the inevitable double- and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .	negative
audacious-impossible yet compelling . . .	positive
a sometimes tedious film .	negative
it's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .	negative
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this .	negative
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	positive
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	negative
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .	positive
a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '	negative
throw smoochy from the train !	negative
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .	negative
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .	negative
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling .	negative
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .	positive
at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .	positive
a marvel of production design .	positive
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	positive
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .	negative
a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .	negative
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	negative
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	positive
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .	negative
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .	positive
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .	positive
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling .	negative
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications .	positive
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .	positive
i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	negative
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother .	positive
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	negative
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .	negative
a sequel that's much too big for its britches .	negative
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .	negative
this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .	negative
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .	negative
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	positive
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	negative
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	positive
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles .	negative
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	negative
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .	negative
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	positive
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .	positive
y tu mam tambin es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quiz el proyecto ms arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarn	positive
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	negative
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	positive
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	negative
a spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .	positive
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .	negative
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .	negative
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .	negative
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .	negative
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .	positive
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	negative
spend your benjamins on a matinee .	positive
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .	negative
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	positive
predictably soulless techno-tripe .	negative
remarkably accessible and affecting .	positive
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	positive
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	negative
. . . nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .	negative
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .	positive
the chteau would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .	negative
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	positive
creepy , authentic and dark . this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .	positive
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .	positive
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .	negative
hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .	positive
the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .	negative
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	negative
occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective .	positive
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .	negative
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .	negative
s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . .	positive
the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	negative
like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .	negative
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .	positive
anemic , pretentious .	negative
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	negative
' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '	positive
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash .	negative
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	positive
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	negative
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	positive
the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . .	negative
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	positive
phoned-in business as usual .	negative
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	positive
lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .	positive
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns .	positive
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .	positive
tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .	positive
a witty , whimsical feature debut .	positive
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	negative
sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .	positive
if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid .	positive
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .	negative
"it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from "" promising "" to "" interesting "" to "" familiar "" before landing squarely on "" stupid "" ."	negative
strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression .	negative
the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .	negative
the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	positive
it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .	positive
"trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the "" gadzooks ! """	negative
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name .	negative
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	negative
this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one .	negative
as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music .	negative
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .	negative
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .	positive
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .	positive
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	positive
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	positive
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .	negative
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	negative
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	positive
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	positive
the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .	negative
a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake .	positive
"[ "" take care of my cat "" ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals ."	positive
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	positive
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	negative
made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental .	positive
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	negative
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .	negative
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	positive
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind	positive
no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .	negative
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	negative
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .	negative
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	positive
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .	positive
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--	negative
though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	negative
. . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .	negative
execrable .	negative
it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	positive
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .	negative
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .	positive
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	positive
this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	positive
. . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	negative
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .	positive
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .	negative
the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	positive
a thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	positive
the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects .	positive
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it's supposed to feel funny and light .	negative
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather .	negative
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy's holes , and the scripters don't deserve any oscars . but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	positive
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay .	negative
[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .	positive
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .	negative
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	positive
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .	negative
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	positive
it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .	negative
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	positive
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .	positive
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '	negative
lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian .	negative
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .	negative
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .	positive
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	negative
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	positive
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star .	negative
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .	negative
basically , it's pretty but dumb .	negative
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .	negative
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	positive
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway .	negative
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud .	positive
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	negative
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .	negative
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	negative
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	negative
"unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks "" the four feathers "" bare ."	negative
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes .	negative
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	negative
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	negative
she's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	positive
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	negative
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ?	negative
the concept is a hoot . the trailer is a riot . the movie is a dud .	negative
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .	positive
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .	positive
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	negative
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	negative
one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .	negative
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	positive
i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .	negative
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .	negative
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .	negative
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	positive
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage .	negative
the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .	positive
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	negative
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	positive
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	positive
"ultimately , "" mib ii "" succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless ."	positive
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .	positive
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .	negative
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	positive
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	positive
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	positive
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	positive
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	negative
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	positive
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .	positive
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	positive
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp !	positive
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	negative
the filmmaker ascends , literally , to the olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .	negative
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	positive
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	positive
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .	negative
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .	positive
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	negative
this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .	negative
undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof .	negative
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .	negative
there's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .	negative
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .	positive
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	positive
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone	positive
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	positive
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	negative
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .	negative
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .	positive
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	negative
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake .	positive
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	negative
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	positive
jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	positive
she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .	positive
this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .	positive
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .	positive
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving .	negative
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .	negative
it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	negative
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious .	negative
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	negative
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know .	positive
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	negative
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	negative
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	positive
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	positive
. . . hypnotically dull .	negative
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	positive
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances	positive
[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll .	positive
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .	positive
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	negative
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here .	negative
. . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport	positive
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality .	positive
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	positive
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	negative
it is a likable story , told with competence .	positive
the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	positive
"what "" empire "" lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart ."	positive
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	negative
"opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled "" glory : a soldier's story . """	negative
like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .	positive
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .	positive
a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes .	negative
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichd white-trash situation imaginable .	negative
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .	positive
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	negative
'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .	negative
the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .	positive
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	positive
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films	positive
. . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .	negative
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	positive
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .	positive
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	positive
[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way .	positive
chai's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	negative
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .	negative
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .	negative
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	negative
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .	positive
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries .	positive
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .	positive
. . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	negative
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about	negative
although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	positive
. . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	positive
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	positive
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	negative
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .	positive
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off .	negative
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	positive
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .	positive
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .	negative
it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	negative
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	positive
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either .	positive
frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes .	negative
little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games .	negative
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .	negative
it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .	negative
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .	positive
two-bit potboiler .	negative
it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .	positive
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .	positive
yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't .	negative
makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .	positive
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .	positive
the film is really not so much bad as bland .	negative
""" not really as bad as you might think ! """	negative
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .	positive
an enjoyable experience .	positive
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . it's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .	negative
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .	positive
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .	positive
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	negative
a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .	positive
if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .	positive
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .	positive
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab .	negative
. . . really horrible drek .	negative
[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	positive
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?	negative
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view .	negative
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	positive
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	positive
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .	positive
"the film delivers what it promises : a look at the "" wild ride "" that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans ."	positive
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .	positive
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .	positive
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either .	negative
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .	positive
the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .	negative
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad .	negative
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works .	negative
it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	positive
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .	positive
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .	positive
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 .	negative
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	negative
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .	negative
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .	positive
. . . a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice's second installment of her vampire chronicles .	positive
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	negative
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	positive
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .	negative
fluffy and disposible .	negative
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes .	negative
topkapi this is not .	negative
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .	positive
robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .	positive
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .	positive
overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	positive
despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie	negative
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .	positive
it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype .	negative
"despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of "" lilo "" could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script ."	positive
mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .	negative
it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles .	negative
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	positive
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	negative
it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics .	positive
with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role .	negative
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .	negative
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .	negative
"post 9/11 the philosophical message of "" personal freedom first "" might not be as palatable as intended ."	positive
the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . .	positive
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight .	positive
. . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	positive
star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .	negative
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	negative
is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful .	negative
if you want to see a train wreck that you can't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	positive
the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness  which makes for a terrifying film .	positive
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .	negative
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .	positive
fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .	positive
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	positive
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	negative
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) .	negative
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	positive
it's never dull and always looks good .	positive
my thoughts were focused on the characters . that is a compliment to kuras and miller . if i had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .	positive
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	negative
bart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent .	positive
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	positive
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit .	positive
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the mason-dixon line .	negative
gently humorous and touching .	positive
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	negative
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hlne angel is definitely a director to watch .	positive
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair .	negative
the film's lack of personality permeates all its aspects  from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .	negative
. . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .	negative
it's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son's room .	positive
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	positive
extremely bad .	negative
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	positive
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	negative
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .	negative
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	negative
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	positive
the worst film of the year .	negative
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	negative
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	negative
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .	positive
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .	negative
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .	negative
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .	positive
it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .	negative
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .	positive
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment	positive
hard to resist .	positive
. . . a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .	positive
if the count of monte cristo doesn't transform caviezel into a movie star , then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .	positive
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .	negative
. . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .	negative
often hilarious .	positive
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	positive
all mood and no movie .	negative
an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .	negative
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues .	negative
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .	negative
don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	negative
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	negative
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	negative
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .	negative
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .	negative
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .	positive
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .	negative
o ltimo suspeito ganha fora ao tambm funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar .	positive
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .	negative
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	positive
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	positive
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	positive
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .	positive
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour .	negative
here's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .	positive
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	positive
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second .	positive
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .	positive
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .	positive
a lovely film for the holiday season .	positive
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	positive
e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	positive
an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension .	negative
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .	negative
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .	negative
. . . enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	positive
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .	negative
""" birthday girl "" is an actor's movie first and foremost ."	positive
you don't need to know your ice-t's from your cool-j's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .	positive
. . . stale and uninspired .	negative
merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .	negative
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	negative
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	positive
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	positive
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon .	positive
ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate .	positive
director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention	negative
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .	positive
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .	positive
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	positive
a carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling--but unquestionably alive .	positive
it's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	negative
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them .	positive
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog .	negative
enduring love but exhausting cinema .	negative
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .	negative
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie .	negative
several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	negative
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .	positive
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	negative
"there are a couple of things that elevate "" glory "" above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall ."	positive
'moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '	positive
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '	negative
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	negative
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .	negative
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	positive
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	negative
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .	negative
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater .	negative
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute .	positive
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	positive
you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] .	negative
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .	negative
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch .	positive
"several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in "" unfaithful . "" why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me ."	negative
"some movies blend together as they become distant memories . mention "" solaris "" five years from now and i'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share ."	positive
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality	positive
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	negative
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .	positive
impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	positive
it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . .	positive
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition .	negative
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .	negative
i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it .	positive
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .	negative
while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .	negative
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .	negative
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .	negative
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	positive
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .	negative
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .	negative
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	negative
alternately frustrating and rewarding .	negative
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	positive
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	positive
the story . . . is moldy and obvious .	negative
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .	negative
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	negative
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .	positive
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	negative
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .	negative
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	positive
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .	positive
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	negative
kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .	negative
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .	negative
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake .	negative
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .	negative
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	positive
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .	positive
poignant and funny .	positive
what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .	negative
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	positive
like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .	positive
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .	negative
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	positive
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .	negative
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .	positive
it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating .	negative
irwin is so earnest that it's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .	positive
the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history .	positive
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .	negative
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	negative
quietly engaging .	positive
sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . .	negative
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	positive
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	positive
"solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , "" erin brockovich , "" "" out of sight "" and "" ocean's eleven , "" never were ."	negative
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .	positive
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .	negative
arnold's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .	negative
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	negative
morton deserves an oscar nomination .	positive
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	negative
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	negative
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .	negative
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	negative
elegant and eloquent [meditation] on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	positive
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .	positive
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	negative
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	negative
what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about .	negative
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them .	positive
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .	positive
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .	negative
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .	negative
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor .	positive
this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	positive
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	positive
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	negative
oddly , the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	positive
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	negative
dreary tale of middle-class angst	negative
if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes .	negative
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	negative
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .	positive
whereas oliver stone's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .	positive
all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .	negative
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .	positive
"the culmination of everyone's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form [in "" last dance "" ] ."	positive
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .	positive
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher .	positive
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	positive
overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film .	negative
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	negative
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .	positive
it's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	positive
it's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	negative
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .	positive
gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traicin que seguramente se convertir en un nuevo clsico del gnero .	positive
one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career .	positive
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses and ours and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .	negative
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	positive
[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	positive
mnch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable .	positive
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us .	negative
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	negative
it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .	positive
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	positive
ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke .	negative
it drowns in sap .	negative
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	positive
it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .	positive
certainly the performances are worthwhile .	positive
if only it were , well , funnier .	negative
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	positive
it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .	negative
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	negative
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .	positive
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .	positive
everything is off .	negative
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and clich .	negative
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .	positive
there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	positive
we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	negative
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ?	negative
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .	negative
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot !	negative
never once predictable .	positive
in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	positive
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	negative
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .	positive
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	positive
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but didn't know how to handle it .	negative
surprisingly insightful	positive
it treats women like idiots .	negative
the script is smart , not cloying .	positive
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken .	negative
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	positive
notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-	positive
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	negative
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .	positive
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	positive
the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .	negative
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .	positive
makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .	positive
one of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	negative
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	negative
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	negative
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	positive
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .	positive
you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works .	positive
walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .	negative
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights .	positive
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .	negative
taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .	negative
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	negative
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	positive
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .	positive
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats .	positive
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	positive
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .	negative
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	positive
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	negative
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	positive
a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .	negative
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .	positive
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit .	positive
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	negative
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .	positive
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	negative
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style .	negative
it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	negative
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	negative
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	negative
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . big time .	negative
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .	negative
a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '	negative
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .	positive
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .	negative
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be .	positive
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .	negative
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	positive
ararat feels like a book report	negative
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	negative
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' .	positive
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?	negative
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .	negative
i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them .	positive
a chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign's end , an extended publicity department .	positive
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .	positive
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	positive
after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .	negative
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .	negative
macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .	positive
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick	positive
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .	negative
green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .	negative
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .	positive
eerily accurate depiction of depression .	positive
madonna has made herself over so often now , there's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson's nose .	negative
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .	positive
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .	positive
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	positive
george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .	negative
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	positive
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .	negative
it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	positive
a collage of clichs and a dim echo of allusions to other films .	negative
. . . a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life's endgame .	positive
a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .	positive
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	positive
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone .	positive
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .	negative
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .	positive
if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .	positive
the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .	negative
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .	positive
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	positive
"in the book-on-tape market , the film of "" the kid stays in the picture "" would be an abridged edition"	negative
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . but it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .	positive
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	positive
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	positive
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	positive
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .	positive
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	positive
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	positive
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .	positive
there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .	negative
sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .	negative
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .	negative
. . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . .	positive
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .	positive
"although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- "" cherish "" certainly isn't dull ."	positive
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	positive
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .	positive
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	positive
for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .	positive
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad .	negative
it's a count for our times .	positive
fairly run-of-the-mill .	negative
"finally , the french-produced "" read my lips "" is a movie that understands characters must come first ."	positive
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .	positive
it's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent electra rebellion .	negative
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	positive
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .	negative
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	negative
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	negative
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	positive
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .	negative
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	negative
too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script .	negative
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	negative
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .	positive
while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	negative
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	negative
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back .	negative
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	positive
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	negative
don't waste your money .	negative
adults , other than the parents . . . will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	negative
insufferably naive .	negative
. . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	positive
it's a grab bag of genres that don't add up to a whole lot of sense .	negative
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	positive
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .	negative
you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit .	positive
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .	positive
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .	negative
a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .	positive
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list .	negative
don't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .	negative
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .	negative
a puzzling experience .	negative
an original gem about an obsession with time .	positive
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television .	positive
that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout .	negative
. . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	negative
[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .	negative
the emperor's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	positive
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	positive
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	negative
an impressive hybrid .	positive
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .	positive
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	negative
the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .	positive
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .	negative
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people .	negative
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	positive
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .	positive
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .	negative
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .	positive
este  apenas mais um ( longo ) episdio do programa da mtv . a nica diferena  que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas .	negative
some of seagal's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .	negative
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	positive
harmless fun .	positive
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	positive
if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck .	positive
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . .	positive
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable .	positive
'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '	positive
for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .	negative
"featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , "" sade "" covers the same period as kaufmann's "" quills "" with more unsettlingly realistic results ."	positive
boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .	negative
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	positive
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins .	negative
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	positive
light , cute and forgettable .	positive
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	negative
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .	negative
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out .	positive
it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) .	negative
if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . .	positive
a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life .	positive
. . . a bland murder-on-campus yawner .	negative
weird . rewarding .	positive
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .	positive
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	negative
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .	negative
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	negative
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	positive
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	positive
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	positive
usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it .	negative
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	positive
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	positive
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	positive
my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here .	positive
i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings .	negative
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	positive
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .	negative
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	positive
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	positive
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	positive
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	negative
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know .	negative
it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	positive
visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	positive
[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .	negative
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	negative
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .	negative
the performances are uniformly good .	positive
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	positive
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family .	positive
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .	positive
lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .	positive
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	negative
a french film with a more down-home flavor .	positive
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania .	positive
the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .	negative
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	positive
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .	positive
the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .	negative
the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic .	positive
is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .	positive
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	negative
'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .	positive
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	positive
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .	negative
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .	negative
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	positive
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	negative
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	positive
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .	negative
'what's the russian word for wow ! ? '	positive
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .	positive
it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie .	positive
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler's many talents .	positive
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better .	negative
the movie is as padded as allen's jelly belly .	negative
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain .	negative
pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism .	positive
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .	negative
ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .	positive
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .	positive
go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .	negative
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	negative
the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation .	negative
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	negative
a big fat pain .	negative
if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .	negative
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	positive
". . . with "" the bourne identity "" we return to the more traditional action genre ."	positive
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .	positive
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .	positive
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative .	negative
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .	negative
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .	negative
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	positive
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	positive
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	negative
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	negative
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .	positive
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .	negative
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece	positive
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	negative
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .	negative
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .	negative
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	positive
like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .	positive
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .	positive
like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .	negative
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art .	negative
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary .	positive
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .	positive
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding mtier .	negative
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	positive
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	negative
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	negative
the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	negative
this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .	negative
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest .	negative
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	positive
""" me without you "" is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades ."	positive
gives everyone something to shout about .	positive
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	positive
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .	positive
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .	positive
salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	positive
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .	positive
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .	positive
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	positive
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story .	negative
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .	positive
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	positive
narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor .	positive
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .	positive
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .	positive
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .	negative
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	negative
genuinely touching because it's realistic about all kinds of love .	positive
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . .	negative
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .	positive
this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .	negative
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . .	negative
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .	positive
what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance .	positive
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .	negative
( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's .	negative
i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .	negative
a fun ride .	positive
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	positive
feels shrill , simple and soapy .	negative
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .	positive
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .	negative
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna .	negative
it's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	negative
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	positive
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	negative
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .	positive
originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	positive
cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .	negative
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .	positive
reggio's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .	negative
routine and rather silly .	negative
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	negative
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	positive
[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	positive
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	negative
michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being .	positive
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	negative
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action .	negative
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson .	negative
we could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .	negative
what begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film's end , a feminist action fantasy .	negative
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .	positive
a solidly seaworthy chiller .	positive
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .	negative
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	negative
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	negative
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	negative
"funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , "" a city where people still read . """	positive
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	positive
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .	positive
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .	negative
it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring .	negative
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '	negative
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	positive
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .	negative
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls .	negative
consistently clever and suspenseful .	positive
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .	positive
lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .	positive
the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting .	negative
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .	positive
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .	negative
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .	positive
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . the characters never change .	negative
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .	positive
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .	positive
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	positive
the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	negative
the superior plotline isn't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other .	negative
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . .	negative
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem .	positive
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .	negative
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ?	negative
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	negative
the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 .	positive
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	positive
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated .	negative
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .	positive
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .	positive
it's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .	positive
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family	positive
lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .	positive
it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .	positive
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	negative
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	negative
'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '	positive
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .	positive
'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates .	negative
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .	positive
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please !	negative
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .	negative
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .	negative
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it .	negative
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	positive
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .	positive
shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail	positive
if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .	positive
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia .	positive
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	negative
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence .	positive
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't .	negative
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	positive
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	positive
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	positive
on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .	negative
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .	positive
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .	positive
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	positive
. . . a rather bland affair .	negative
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is .	negative
. . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .	positive
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	negative
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .	positive
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	negative
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .	positive
i saw knockaround guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanish-american war . . . it's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .	negative
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style it's virtually its own hollywood remake .	positive
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too .	negative
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .	positive
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .	positive
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .	negative
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ; perdition , meanwhile , reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas .	negative
it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .	positive
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .	positive
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they can't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	negative
how on earth , or anywhere else , did director ron underwood manage to blow $100 million on this ?	negative
whenever its story isn't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u . s . satellite , hunter -- starring irwin and his american wife/colleague , terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .	negative
full of surprises .	positive
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year .	negative
'you'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . you'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter . . . '	negative
it's clear the filmmakers weren't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .	negative
it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .	negative
an intriguing near-miss .	negative
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	negative
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	positive
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	negative
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	positive
it's hard not to be seduced by [witherspoon's] charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .	positive
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .	positive
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .	positive
screenwriter chris ver weil's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	negative
a gem of a movie .	positive
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	positive
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .	negative
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	positive
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	positive
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	positive
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	positive
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	negative
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	negative
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	negative
"producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that "" they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . "" ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway"	negative
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .	positive
all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .	negative
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	negative
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	positive
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .	positive
'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	positive
. . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .	negative
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .	positive
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play .	positive
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	positive
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment .	negative
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	negative
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .	positive
perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .	positive
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	negative
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	positive
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .	positive
oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough	negative
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .	negative
intriguing and stylish .	positive
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .	positive
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .	negative
your taste for jonah - a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .	negative
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	positive
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	negative
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .	negative
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .	negative
it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .	positive
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .	negative
moretti plays giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . too predictably , in fact .	negative
if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .	negative
it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	negative
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .	negative
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	negative
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	negative
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .	negative
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	negative
bearable . barely .	negative
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	negative
"mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make "" "" the good girl "" a film worth watching ."	positive
works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever .	negative
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '	positive
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	negative
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .	negative
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness	positive
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	positive
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	positive
the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .	positive
while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original .	positive
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .	negative
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	negative
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	negative
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .	negative
though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	negative
it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .	negative
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .	positive
bring on the sequel .	positive
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine	negative
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun .	positive
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .	positive
. . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .	positive
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .	positive
oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring .	negative
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .	negative
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	negative
montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .	positive
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	negative
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	positive
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	negative
at once half-baked and overheated .	negative
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	negative
for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .	positive
a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .	negative
"sweet home alabama "" is what it is  a nice , harmless date film . . ."	positive
director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it .	negative
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .	positive
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	negative
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	negative
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	positive
maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .	positive
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .	negative
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .	negative
"maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul "" full frontal "" seems , well , contrived ."	negative
. . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .	positive
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	positive
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	positive
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill	positive
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .	negative
thanks to the chteau's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .	positive
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	positive
oddly compelling .	positive
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .	negative
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre . but what about the countless other people who'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?	negative
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	negative
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	negative
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	positive
while the glass slipper doesn't quite fit , pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .	positive
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	positive
""" collateral damage "" goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief"	negative
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	positive
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you inand making you sweat .	positive
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .	positive
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	negative
a fascinating and fun film .	positive
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	negative
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	negative
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .	positive
the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .	positive
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .	negative
there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .	positive
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	negative
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	negative
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .	positive
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .	positive
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .	positive
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	negative
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .	positive
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .	negative
cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .	positive
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .	positive
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .	positive
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	positive
. . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	positive
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .	negative
it's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it isn't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	positive
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	positive
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .	negative
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	positive
you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here .	positive
much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	positive
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	positive
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .	negative
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .	positive
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	positive
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess .	negative
. . . one resurrection too many .	negative
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	positive
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	negative
this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .	negative
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .	positive
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .	positive
"disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical "" bedknobs and broomsticks , "" which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime ."	positive
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .	positive
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious .	positive
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often .	negative
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .	negative
[stevens is] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	negative
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	positive
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	positive
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	positive
tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .	positive
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .	negative
if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall .	positive
meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work .	negative
"there may have been a good film in "" trouble every day , "" but it is not what is on the screen ."	negative
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .	positive
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	positive
the fourth in a series that i'll bet most parents had thought --hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished .	negative
. . . a solid , unassuming drama .	positive
it all looks and plays like a $40 million version of a game you're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	negative
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	negative
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .	negative
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	negative
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .	negative
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .	negative
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat .	positive
[ns] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .	positive
a porn film without the sex scenes .	negative
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .	positive
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .	negative
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down .	negative
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .	negative
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right .	negative
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter .	negative
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	positive
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	positive
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	negative
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	positive
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .	positive
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid .	positive
what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	positive
the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .	negative
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale . . . a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .	negative
the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	positive
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?	negative
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .	negative
when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .	negative
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	positive
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	negative
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	negative
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel .	positive
a deep and meaningful film .	positive
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	positive
"it's like a "" big chill "" reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists ."	positive
almost gags on its own gore .	negative
there's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	positive
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	negative
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice .	positive
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	positive
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap .	negative
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '	negative
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .	negative
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	negative
safe conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull's-eye .	negative
steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	positive
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays .	positive
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	positive
cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces .	positive
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari's film falls short in building the drama of lilia's journey .	negative
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .	positive
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn .	positive
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .	negative
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	negative
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .	positive
open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .	positive
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	positive
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	positive
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power .	negative
a film of quiet power .	positive
i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it .	negative
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .	positive
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	negative
there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	negative
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .	positive
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	negative
we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .	positive
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	positive
it's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	positive
. . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	positive
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .	positive
highly engaging .	positive
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .	negative
bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .	negative
workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .	positive
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	positive
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .	positive
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	positive
. . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	positive
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	negative
"stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a "" true story "" and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies ."	positive
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	positive
[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .	positive
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	positive
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .	negative
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	positive
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	positive
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .	negative
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	positive
it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look .	positive
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .	negative
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	positive
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .	positive
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges .	positive
an awfully good , achingly human picture .	positive
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	positive
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison .	negative
this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .	positive
with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion .	negative
i'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	negative
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .	negative
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .	negative
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious .	negative
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .	positive
the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .	negative
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .	positive
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	negative
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	negative
overall very good for what it's trying to do .	positive
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .	positive
at its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .	positive
it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	positive
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	negative
the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .	negative
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	positive
nicks , seemingly uncertain what's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .	negative
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	negative
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	negative
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .	positive
there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .	positive
between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .	positive
you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies .	positive
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .	positive
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	negative
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	negative
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .	positive
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?	negative
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm . maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .	negative
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	positive
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	positive
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .	positive
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	positive
unflinchingly bleak and desperate	positive
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	negative
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	positive
what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	positive
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary .	positive
special p . o . v . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .	positive
"like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly "" unfilmable "" novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right ."	positive
it's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .	negative
the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	positive
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ?	negative
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '	negative
the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .	positive
a moving picture that does not move .	negative
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion .	positive
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	negative
""" catch me "" feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark ."	positive
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	positive
'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	negative
a movie of riveting power and sadness .	positive
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man's tortured soul .	positive
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	positive
it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true .	positive
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .	negative
almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability .	negative
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	negative
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	negative
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	positive
writer-director's mehta's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .	positive
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess .	negative
it's got the brawn , but not the brains .	negative
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .	negative
a sentimental mess that never rings true .	negative
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .	positive
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	positive
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere .	positive
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	positive
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is	positive
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	positive
in his debut as a film director , denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .	positive
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out .	negative
it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .	negative
'charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy . . .	positive
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .	negative
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	negative
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better .	positive
'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '	positive
it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen .	negative
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	negative
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .	positive
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	negative
a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with .	negative
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .	positive
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .	positive
a clichd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .	negative
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	positive
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .	positive
it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .	negative
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .	positive
although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	negative
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .	positive
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	negative
helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge .	negative
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .	negative
mr . goyer's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	negative
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair .	positive
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	positive
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .	positive
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .	negative
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	positive
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	positive
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .	positive
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	positive
just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else .	negative
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .	positive
film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .	positive
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	positive
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	negative
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	positive
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	positive
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .	negative
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x .	positive
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth .	positive
[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see .	positive
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	negative
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	negative
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	positive
i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage .	positive
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	positive
a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	negative
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	positive
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	positive
despite the premise of a good story . . . it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .	negative
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .	negative
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .	positive
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	positive
in execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , killers from space .	negative
like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz .	negative
there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .	negative
one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears .	negative
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	positive
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	negative
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .	negative
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	negative
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	positive
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> .	negative
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?	negative
dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ?	negative
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller .	negative
it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .	negative
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .	positive
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you aren't very bright , then blood work is for you .	negative
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	positive
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff .	negative
the film delivers not just the full assault of reno's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .	positive
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	negative
""" cremaster 3 "" should come with the warning "" for serious film buffs only ! """	positive
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet .	negative
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , scorsese's best in more than a decade .	positive
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	positive
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .	negative
showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	negative
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .	positive
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .	positive
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .	negative
believability wasn't one of the film's virtues .	negative
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .	negative
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	positive
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance .	positive
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	positive
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	positive
. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .	positive
. . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	negative
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .	negative
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one's actions .	positive
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .	positive
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	negative
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .	positive
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .	negative
it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - audience sadism -- is evaded completely .	negative
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no .	positive
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	positive
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments .	negative
it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love .	negative
"wobbly senegalese updating of "" carmen "" which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai"	negative
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	negative
trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens .	negative
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .	positive
. . . hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .	negative
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .	positive
while mcfarlane's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films . . . it's also so jarring that it's hard to get back into the boys' story .	positive
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	negative
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work .	negative
insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	positive
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .	positive
a movie to forget	negative
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .	negative
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .	positive
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	positive
kinnear doesn't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .	positive
this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference .	negative
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !	negative
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as [jason bourne] .	positive
"the master of disguise is funny--not "" ha ha "" funny , "" dead circus performer "" funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides ."	negative
"even if you can't pronounce "" gyro "" correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries ."	positive
shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .	negative
"the long-range appeal of "" minority report "" should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages ."	positive
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	negative
for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again .	positive
some episodes work , some don't .	negative
. . . an interesting slice of history .	positive
it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .	positive
[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	positive
one long string of cliches .	negative
a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .	positive
. . . a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	negative
has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence	negative
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	negative
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	positive
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over .	positive
while i can't say it's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	positive
j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl .	negative
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .	negative
"berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making "" die another day "" one of the most entertaining bonds in years"	positive
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	negative
run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .	positive
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .	positive
"essentially "" fatal attraction "" remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . ."	negative
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	negative
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	positive
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .	positive
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening .	negative
. . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable .	positive
beautifully produced .	positive
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	negative
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .	negative
somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become g . i . jane .	negative
well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .	negative
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	negative
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothers/abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , the farrelly brothers .	negative
one of the worst movies of the year .	negative
all three women deliver remarkable performances .	positive
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion .	negative
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid .	negative
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	positive
professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .	negative
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one .	positive
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .	positive
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	positive
the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .	positive
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	positive
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ?	negative
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe . . . the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .	positive
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	negative
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter .	negative
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	positive
an absurdist spider web .	positive
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .	positive
it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	negative
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	negative
intriguing and downright intoxicating .	positive
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression .	positive
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster .	positive
utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .	negative
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	positive
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	positive
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring .	positive
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .	positive
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .	negative
witless but watchable .	positive
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .	negative
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .	positive
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .	negative
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance .	negative
holland lets things peter out midway , but it's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .	negative
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	negative
if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !	positive
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	negative
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	negative
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .	positive
charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time .	positive
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	positive
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .	negative
. . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .	negative
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	positive
dramatically lackluster .	negative
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	negative
let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .	negative
yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title .	negative
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .	negative
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .	negative
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .	positive
it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .	negative
doesn't add up to much .	negative
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	positive
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .	negative
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .	positive
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .	negative
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek .	positive
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .	positive
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	negative
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	negative
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view .	negative
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	positive
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	negative
it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	negative
dense , exhilarating documentary .	positive
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	positive
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .	negative
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino's performance .	positive
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .	positive
almost peerlessly unsettling .	positive
this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work .	negative
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	positive
it puts washington , as honest working man john q . archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .	negative
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	positive
"a "" black austin powers ? "" i prefer to think of it as "" pootie tang with a budget . "" sa da tay !"	positive
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	negative
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .	negative
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first .	positive
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	positive
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .	positive
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	positive
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	positive
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good .	negative
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil .	positive
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .	positive
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	positive
in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level .	positive
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	positive
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .	negative
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .	positive
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .	negative
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	negative
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .	negative
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .	positive
the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it .	negative
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .	negative
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	positive
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .	negative
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	positive
good-naturedly cornball sequel .	positive
the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .	positive
we started to wonder if some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine .	negative
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	negative
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?	negative
would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	negative
"the fourth "" pokemon "" is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance ."	positive
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .	positive
muddled , trashy and incompetent	negative
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	positive
. . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . .	positive
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .	positive
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .	positive
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .	negative
expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies .	negative
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	positive
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter nss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .	positive
too much power , not enough puff .	negative
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	negative
there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	positive
one can't deny its seriousness and quality .	positive
buy popcorn . take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	positive
at a time when we've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .	negative
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but wasn't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .	negative
pompous and garbled .	negative
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	negative
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	positive
instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics .	negative
who needs love like this ?	negative
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .	negative
""" on guard ! "" won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time ."	positive
a non-mystery mystery .	negative
one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	positive
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	positive
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	positive
the thing about guys like evans is this : you're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you're too interested to care .	positive
stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .	positive
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .	negative
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .	negative
thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .	positive
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .	negative
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes .	positive
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .	positive
bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	positive
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so	negative
the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release .	positive
there's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	positive
it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either .	negative
in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .	negative
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000	positive
though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .	negative
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	negative
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues	positive
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	negative
a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .	negative
a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .	negative
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .	positive
in addition to hoffman's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	positive
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	positive
spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .	negative
it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	positive
miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	positive
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichs from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	negative
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	negative
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .	negative
asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .	positive
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer's radio show and his simpson voice-overs .	negative
. . . turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .	negative
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	negative
. . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	positive
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down .	negative
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	negative
. . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	negative
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	positive
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	positive
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	negative
myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .	negative
while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer	negative
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	negative
"most haunting about "" fence "" is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us"	positive
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .	negative
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses .	positive
fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .	positive
it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .	negative
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	positive
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .	positive
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	negative
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .	positive
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	positive
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her .	positive
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy clich of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .	negative
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there .	positive
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	negative
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .	positive
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	negative
this is a truly , truly bad movie .	negative
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film .	positive
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . enigma lacks it .	negative
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .	negative
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .	positive
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .	positive
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	negative
it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	positive
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	negative
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that .	negative
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	positive
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	negative
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	positive
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	negative
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	negative
pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler .	negative
""" roger michell ( "" notting hill "" ) directs a morality thriller . """	negative
i kept thinking over and over again , 'i should be enjoying this . ' but i wasn't .	negative
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	negative
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	positive
"focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her "" madness "" so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device ."	negative
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .	positive
it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions .	positive
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	negative
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	negative
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .	positive
demands too much of most viewers .	negative
a solid film . . . but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .	negative
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .	positive
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride .	positive
cho's timing is priceless .	positive
it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	positive
a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	positive
kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both .	negative
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	negative
"the only thing to fear about "" fear dot com "" is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film ."	negative
it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	positive
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	negative
it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	negative
there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .	negative
talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	negative
it's just rather leaden and dull .	negative
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .	positive
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .	positive
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .	positive
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	positive
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	positive
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	positive
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	positive
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	negative
"if "" lilo & stitch "" isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since "" dumbo "" certainly ranks as the most original in years ."	positive
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .	positive
tells a fascinating , compelling story .	positive
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	positive
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ?	negative
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .	positive
i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .	negative
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most .	negative
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	negative
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation .	positive
instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	negative
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .	negative
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .	positive
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	negative
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .	positive
an enthralling , entertaining feature .	positive
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay's sappier elements . . . and sustains off the hook's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .	positive
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense .	negative
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .	positive
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	positive
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times .	negative
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful clich in the book at this nonsensical story .	negative
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .	positive
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	positive
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party .	negative
"viewers of "" the ring "" are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes ."	positive
there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings .	negative
old-form moviemaking at its best .	positive
observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout maelstrom .	negative
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .	positive
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .	positive
just plain silly .	negative
a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .	positive
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .	negative
without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale , maelstrm is just another winter sleepers .	negative
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	negative
do not see this film .	negative
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .	positive
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .	positive
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	negative
[siegel] and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .	negative
really quite funny .	positive
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	positive
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .	positive
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .	negative
a conventional but heartwarming tale .	positive
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .	negative
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films .	negative
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	negative
the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .	positive
. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .	positive
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	positive
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .	negative
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	positive
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .	negative
it's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .	positive
[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel .	positive
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .	positive
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	positive
just how these families interact may surprise you .	positive
it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	positive
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	positive
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	negative
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .	negative
as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .	negative
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	positive
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .	negative
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price .	negative
no surprises .	negative
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie .	negative
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	negative
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and clich .	negative
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .	positive
a faster paced family flick . upper teens may get cynical . smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .	negative
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .	positive
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .	negative
on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation .	negative
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .	positive
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .	negative
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .	positive
despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	positive
huppert's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women's augustine .	positive
it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw .	negative
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	positive
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	negative
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .	positive
often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	positive
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	negative
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .	negative
that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .	negative
"a gushy episode of "" m * a * s * h "" only this time from an asian perspective ."	negative
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .	negative
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .	positive
it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .	positive
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .	positive
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .	positive
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre .	negative
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .	positive
the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .	negative
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .	negative
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .	negative
long time dead ? not nearly long enough .	negative
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .	positive
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .	positive
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	negative
. . . irritating soul-searching garbage .	negative
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .	positive
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it .	negative
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .	negative
though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	positive
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .	positive
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	positive
a true pleasure .	positive
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers .	positive
by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic .	negative
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	negative
the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .	negative
an original little film about one young woman's education .	positive
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .	negative
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	positive
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	negative
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy .	negative
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story .	negative
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .	positive
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	positive
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	negative
frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .	negative
there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	negative
davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	positive
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim .	negative
invincible is a wonderful movie .	positive
a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending .	negative
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .	negative
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	negative
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .	negative
i don't think i've been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamoto's iron man .	positive
it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	negative
. . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	negative
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .	positive
the script's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	negative
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	positive
for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .	negative
[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	positive
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true .	positive
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective .	positive
. . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .	negative
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .	positive
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster .	positive
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	positive
by and large this is mr . kilmer's movie , and it's his strongest performance since the doors .	positive
another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	positive
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .	positive
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .	negative
there's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	negative
the closest thing to the experience of space travel	positive
worth a look as a curiosity .	positive
the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .	negative
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	positive
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	negative
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece .	positive
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .	negative
wow . i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	negative
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept .	negative
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features .	negative
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	negative
. . . less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	positive
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	negative
a wry , affectionate delight .	positive
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop	positive
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	positive
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .	positive
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting .	negative
. . . a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .	positive
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .	negative
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	positive
it's everything you don't go to the movies for .	negative
. . . bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	negative
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .	negative
the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	negative
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .	positive
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	negative
now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .	positive
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .	positive
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .	positive
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken .	positive
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .	negative
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .	negative
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .	negative
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	negative
if only merchant paid more attention the story .	negative
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	positive
no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it .	negative
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time .	negative
there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	negative
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters . . .	negative
the film's essentially over by the meet-cute .	negative
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	negative
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible !	positive
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	negative
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .	negative
there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .	negative
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	positive
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .	positive
mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	positive
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .	positive
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr . deeds was to that of frank capra .	negative
the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .	positive
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	negative
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .	positive
. . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .	positive
hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .	negative
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	positive
[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .	positive
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	positive
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	positive
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .	negative
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .	negative
oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	negative
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written . . . in the thrall of a vicious hangover .	negative
'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .	negative
maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't .	negative
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .	positive
despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end .	negative
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	negative
[a] satisfying niblet .	positive
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	negative
there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version .	negative
beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	positive
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .	positive
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	positive
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .	negative
legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .	positive
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	negative
what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	positive
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie .	positive
nohe's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he isn't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .	positive
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .	positive
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	positive
( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .	positive
familiar but utterly delightful .	positive
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .	positive
it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .	positive
i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	positive
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	positive
baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .	positive
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .	negative
well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .	negative
"a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the "" a "" range , as is , it's a very very strong "" b+ . "" i love the robust middle of this picture ."	positive
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good .	positive
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .	positive
pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .	negative
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .	positive
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	positive
newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .	positive
[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority .	positive
. . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .	positive
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	positive
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .	negative
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	positive
nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .	negative
charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy .	positive
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	negative
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	negative
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project .	positive
a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .	negative
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together .	negative
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	positive
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	positive
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	positive
it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .	positive
one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in .	negative
fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	negative
just watch bettany strut his stuff . you'll know a star when you see one .	positive
i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad .	negative
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	positive
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .	negative
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view .	positive
morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either .	negative
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	positive
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .	positive
a taut , sobering film .	positive
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .	negative
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	positive
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	negative
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .	negative
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	negative
more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	positive
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish .	positive
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	negative
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	positive
what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ?	negative
it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .	positive
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .	positive
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	positive
a well-acted , but one-note film .	negative
the fast runner' transports the viewer into an unusual space	positive
a three-hour cinema master class .	positive
a wordy wisp of a comedy .	negative
it's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	positive
alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	negative
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	positive
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .	negative
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original .	negative
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	negative
while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .	negative
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .	negative
"the unexplored story opportunities of "" punch-drunk love "" may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson ."	positive
at the bottom rung of the series' entries .	negative
"i walked away not really know who "" they "" were , what "" they "" looked like . why "" they "" were here and what "" they "" wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care ."	negative
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .	positive
barely gets off the ground .	negative
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .	positive
releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .	negative
provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .	positive
the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it .	negative
little more than a frothy vanity project .	negative
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	positive
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .	positive
as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable .	positive
this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .	positive
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers don't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .	negative
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . it's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .	negative
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .	negative
offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen .	negative
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .	positive
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	positive
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . by the end you can't help but feel 'stoked . '	positive
an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .	positive
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	positive
one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .	negative
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro .	negative
it's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .	positive
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .	positive
it all adds up to good fun .	positive
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	positive
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	positive
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .	positive
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .	negative
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	positive
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting .	negative
it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	negative
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	negative
johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .	negative
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less .	positive
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .	positive
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	negative
. . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i can't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .	negative
very predictable but still entertaining	positive
the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .	positive
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .	positive
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid .	negative
""" abandon "" will leave you wanting to abandon the theater ."	negative
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .	positive
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	positive
a charming but slight comedy .	positive
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	negative
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	positive
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	positive
bon apptit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	positive
reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	negative
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	positive
lstima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones .	negative
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award .	negative
begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .	negative
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichs .	negative
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .	negative
". . . "" bowling for columbine "" remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . ."	positive
there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .	positive
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	negative
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	positive
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there's no saving the movie . sorry , charlie	negative
a grating , emaciated flick .	negative
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .	positive
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .	positive
if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next .	positive
there is very little dread or apprehension , and though i like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .	negative
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	positive
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .	positive
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	negative
the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary .	positive
even better than the first one !	positive
strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing .	negative
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	positive
". . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that "" crazy "" people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny ."	positive
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .	negative
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement .	positive
he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer .	positive
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	negative
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .	positive
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay .	positive
[westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	positive
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words don't really do the era justice . you have to see it .	positive
it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow .	negative
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .	negative
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	positive
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .	negative
"who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like "" they're back ! "" , "" they're out there ! "" and "" they're coming ! """	negative
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	positive
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	negative
like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .	negative
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	positive
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? i don't think so . nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	negative
the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .	positive
a thriller without a lot of thrills .	negative
it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .	positive
there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .	positive
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	positive
this is so bad .	negative
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	positive
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	negative
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .	negative
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .	positive
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .	negative
flat , misguided comedy .	negative
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	negative
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	positive
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved .	positive
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .	positive
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	negative
jason x is positively anti-darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on auto-pilot .	negative
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	positive
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	positive
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	positive
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .	negative
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .	negative
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .	negative
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	positive
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .	positive
not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .	positive
swimfan , like fatal attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	negative
haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .	negative
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .	positive
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence .	negative
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .	negative
you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid .	positive
"for a film about explosions and death and spies , "" ballistic : ecks vs . sever "" seems as safe as a children's film . well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies ."	negative
. . . a confusing drudgery .	negative
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .	positive
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .	positive
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .	negative
this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson .	negative
. . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	positive
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle .	negative
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	negative
we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity .	positive
an awful snooze .	negative
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	positive
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	positive
it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .	negative
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	positive
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid .	negative
'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .	negative
"it wasn't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the filmit was the unfulfilling , incongruous , "" wait a second , did i miss something ? "" ending ."	negative
it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	negative
frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings .	positive
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .	negative
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . it does give you a peek . the main problem being that it's only a peek .	positive
[woo's] most resonant film since the killer .	positive
the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition .	positive
it's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and shiner , starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .	negative
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	negative
involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .	negative
. . . a roller-coaster ride of a movie	positive
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	negative
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .	positive
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .	positive
mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	negative
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	positive
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	negative
offers much to enjoy . . . and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .	positive
tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	negative
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .	positive
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .	negative
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	negative
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .	positive
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	negative
a melancholy , emotional film .	positive
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy .	negative
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	negative
it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .	negative
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	negative
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '	negative
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .	positive
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	negative
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .	negative
the movie is well done , but slow .	positive
the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	positive
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	positive
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .	positive
a remarkable film by bernard rose .	positive
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '	positive
too slow , too long and too little happens .	negative
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .	negative
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .	negative
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .	positive
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	negative
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	positive
great character interaction .	positive
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter .	negative
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .	negative
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .	negative
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must !	positive
an exhilarating experience .	positive
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , [ahola] has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesn't produce any real transformation .	negative
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	positive
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	positive
shallow , noisy and pretentious .	negative
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry !	positive
. . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .	positive
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story .	negative
its sheer dynamism is infectious .	positive
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	negative
the threat implied in the title pokmon 4ever is terrifying  like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .	negative
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .	positive
what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	negative
the film truly does rescue [the funk brothers] from motown's shadows . it's about time .	positive
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .	negative
it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .	positive
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .	negative
visually , 'santa clause 2' is wondrously creative .	positive
una pelcula oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora .	positive
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .	negative
"the premise of "" abandon "" holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess ."	negative
the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next .	positive
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd .	negative
i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	negative
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buuel's casings	positive
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .	positive
this is a superior horror flick .	positive
passable entertainment , but it's the kind of motion picture that won't make much of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .	positive
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .	negative
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint .	positive
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	positive
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '	positive
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	positive
what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form .	negative
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary .	positive
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .	positive
[director peter] jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkien's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you're a fan of the books or not .	positive
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	negative
jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters	positive
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	negative
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .	positive
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	positive
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	negative
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor	positive
the umpteenth summer skinny dip in jerry bruckheimer's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .	negative
it's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	negative
it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise .	positive
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	negative
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .	negative
it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	negative
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	negative
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	positive
it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull .	negative
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	positive
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	negative
"apallingly absurd . . . the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9 "" black and white portable tv ."	negative
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	positive
"the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the "" webcast . """	negative
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	positive
quite funny for the type of movie it is . . .	positive
five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .	negative
whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	positive
not a bad choice here , assuming that . . . the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .	positive
mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .	positive
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .	negative
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment .	positive
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .	negative
. . . contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	negative
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut !	negative
it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .	positive
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	negative
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	positive
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha .	negative
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	negative
shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .	negative
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	negative
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny .	negative
it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	negative
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	positive
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	negative
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	negative
contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memria .	positive
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental .	negative
. . . a well-observed and disturbing little movie	positive
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past .	positive
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	positive
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .	negative
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	positive
this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .	negative
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .	negative
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .	negative
a listless and desultory affair .	negative
no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuao , harold ramis deve ter sado da cama com o p esquerdo . e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme tambm .	negative
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	positive
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .	positive
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	positive
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	negative
this is one of polanski's best films .	positive
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close .	positive
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down .	negative
so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .	negative
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . .	positive
it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .	negative
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny .	positive
. . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .	negative
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .	negative
is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ?	negative
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	negative
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	positive
national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion	negative
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	negative
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .	positive
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	positive
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	positive
on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	negative
maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .	positive
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	positive
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	negative
"borrows a bit from the classics "" wait until dark "" and "" extremities "" . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself ."	positive
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too .	positive
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	positive
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .	negative
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .	positive
the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power .	positive
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . he just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . here , thankfully , they are .	positive
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .	negative
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	positive
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	negative
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .	negative
should have been someone else-	negative
. . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .	positive
lucky break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it's also drab and inert .	negative
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep 'epic . '	negative
the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .	positive
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .	positive
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .	positive
at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .	positive
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	negative
"as teen movies go , "" orange county "" is a refreshing change"	positive
""" the quiet american "" begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble ."	positive
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .	negative
horrible	negative
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .	negative
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .	positive
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	positive
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	negative
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	negative
having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version .	positive
the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster .	negative
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	negative
is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet .	positive
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .	positive
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	positive
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .	positive
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit .	positive
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	negative
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	negative
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	negative
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	negative
it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	negative
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .	positive
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .	negative
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	negative
"pumpkin struts about with "" courage "" pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back ."	negative
i don't think this movie loves women at all .	negative
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	positive
if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you .	positive
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	negative
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .	positive
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .	negative
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	positive
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity ofemotional recovery .	positive
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	positive
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	negative
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	negative
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point .	negative
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	positive
it's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .	positive
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	negative
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .	negative
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	positive
compellingly watchable .	positive
whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	negative
it all seemed wasted like deniro's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .	negative
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .	negative
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty .	positive
a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .	positive
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	positive
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	positive
while we want macdowell's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .	negative
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?	negative
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	negative
it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	negative
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern's thick , working-class scottish accent .	negative
davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	negative
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	positive
'it's painful to watch witherspoon's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	negative
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	positive
there's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .	positive
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter's imagination .	negative
both damning and damned compelling .	positive
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?	negative
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .	positive
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .	positive
it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .	positive
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor .	positive
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	negative
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre's most enabling victim . . . and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	negative
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .	positive
where the film falters is in its tone .	negative
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	negative
because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions .	positive
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	positive
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .	negative
[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .	negative
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	negative
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb	positive
watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .	negative
it's a treat  a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	positive
you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	negative
a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies .	negative
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	positive
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	positive
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . vulgar is too optimistic a title .	negative
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	negative
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	positive
"whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on "" the other "" and "" the self , "" derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow ."	positive
if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .	negative
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters .	negative
lisa rinzler's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	negative
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .	negative
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .	positive
stale and clichd to a fault .	negative
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable .	negative
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .	positive
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .	positive
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	positive
intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .	positive
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .	negative
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	negative
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	negative
a flawed but engrossing thriller .	positive
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	negative
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	positive
odd and weird .	negative
like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling .	positive
just a kiss is a just a waste .	negative
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .	negative
whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time .	positive
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	negative
the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away .	positive
mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid .	negative
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue .	positive
there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .	negative
. . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	negative
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt's gentle , endearing 1975 children's novel .	negative
"what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than "" bladerunner "" and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen ."	positive
[swimfan] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	negative
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	negative
"if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , "" rollerball "" 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j ."	negative
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	positive
the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .	positive
movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction .	negative
a bit of an unwieldy mess .	negative
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	positive
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy .	positive
there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down .	negative
as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .	negative
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .	positive
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	positive
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .	negative
if you're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director's life , eisenstein delivers .	positive
a bad movie that happened to good actors .	negative
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	positive
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .	positive
it was a dark and stormy night . . .	negative
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	positive
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder	negative
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	positive
it's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	positive
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	positive
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	positive
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .	positive
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	positive
exhilarating , funny and fun .	positive
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .	negative
ns gosta muito de as duas torres .	positive
every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least four times . every joke is repeated at least--annoying , isn't it ?	negative
both awful and appealing .	negative
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	negative
"the very definition of what critics have come to term an "" ambitious failure . """	negative
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	negative
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once .	negative
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land .	positive
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did .	negative
the film oozes craft .	positive
nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	negative
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	positive
"first and foremost . . . the reason to go see "" blue crush "" is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings ."	positive
even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie .	negative
a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .	negative
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way .	negative
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .	positive
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .	negative
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .	negative
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .	positive
unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .	negative
well , it does go on forever .	negative
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .	negative
director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .	positive
the central story lacks punch .	negative
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .	positive
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	positive
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .	negative
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	positive
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic .	positive
responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade .	negative
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .	negative
highly uneven and inconsistent . . . margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	negative
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .	negative
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .	negative
it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	negative
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	negative
the movie is ingenious fun . see it .	positive
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .	positive
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .	negative
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	positive
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	positive
may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours .	positive
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .	negative
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	negative
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .	positive
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .	positive
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	negative
[a] rather thinly-conceived movie .	negative
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .	negative
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .	positive
there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .	negative
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .	positive
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied .	positive
